Stop clapping. We got, I appreciate the clapping, but I want to answer questions. Uh Thank you. So we have time for a couple of questions. Um And I'm, if, if you have some shout them out or you can also not ask a question and just be like that was total. B si disagree with you. That's fine too. Although I prefer you to be like that was awesome. You should wear that dress. It would look good on you. Hi, Amy. Um Thank you for that. That was really enlightening and thoughtful. Can you speak in and up a little bit so everybody can hear you like this? Yeah. OK, great. Thank you. I said um what's your opinion on or what's your perception of how social media has affected the world since that was something that don't think any of us actually started out our lives with. But now it has a very huge effect on our life as you know, as it relates to what's happening with A I right now. It's a good question. So the question I'll repeat was how does social media have to do with the future of A I? But also just sort of what's happening. So, I mean, I think we're all aware of misinformation and how some of that happened. I will tell you though in 2000. So I'm an O G Twitter user. Um I was at the South by Southwest when it launched ish when it sort of launched um about a year and a half after that, I was at the State Department with a meeting with some undersecretaries saying I think you guys should be paying attention to this because this strikes me as a pretty good way to spread to create problems. And I couldn't get anybody to pay. Like I couldn't get anybody to get excited about it. I don't know if it was the bird logo or the fact that there were still fail whales or I don't know, but I had a hard time convincing executives that this was important. Um And I, I just say that to you because sometimes um Tik Tok. So in 2017, I think um I was with a meeting of the United States, Japan Council and talking to executive business leaders from the US and Japan and saying like, hey, there's this thing called Tik Tok. You don't know what this is, your kids are using it. Here's why I think this is potentially disastrous for everybody. And again, I was trying to explain um personalization algorithms all of that data mining. So maybe it's me, you know, maybe, maybe like I think, I think I'm pretty good at convincing people to pay attention to things. Maybe those were two enormous failings or maybe more directly answers your question. People just don't pay attention to things until it looks like one of those dark spots on the count until it's just through repetition or recency factor or any of the other behavioral economic term. Again, that's what sort of concerns me about this stuff going forward. It's just nobody paid attention now, everybody is paying attention but not to the right things. And that makes your jobs hard because on the one hand, you have, you must convince your companies that the infrastructure is worth the investment. I know that there are concerns about a recession. Um I don't care. I don't, your companies, uh I know I'm sort of preaching to the choir here, but most of your companies who are in the room are under invested with the exception of Aws um are under invested in technology and the partners that you have like Alexis shouldn't have to like, explain to your companies why the investment is worth it. And by the way, I'm not chilling for him. I'm just telling you like I'm telling you what I see. So you're in a rough spot because on the one hand, you have to convince everybody this is worth the investment. On the other hand, you have to convince everybody, but there are some potential challenges. We need to think through So I think to answer your question, it's a little like I think everybody wants everything hyper simplified. Just tell us the one thing we need to know and nothing else. And that puts a lot of pressure on the people responsible for telling executives. This is the one thing you need to know. And what concerns me is, I think they're starting to think that generative A I will just tell them the thing they need to know. That's scary. I use the other. I used a non bad F word just in case. All right, I have probably time for one more. Yes. OK. Here we go. All right. So we've been building products on GP T since GP T two. And my question is why did open A I release chat G BT? Why? Uh because they needed inputs. So there's a giant data bottleneck. Wait, why did they release it sort of chat instead of just releasing chat? They could, they could easily release, you know, GP T four or GP T, you know, whatever. 3.5. Yeah, they release it as a chat bot. Yeah. So, so the question is a good question, why change their whole business model, right? Why change the business model and turn it into a chat bot? Because the one thing holding every company back right now is data. There is a giant data bottleneck. You can only scrape so much from Wikipedia and read it right? There's how many do you have any, you probably do most of you. Do you have any idea how much it costs to train a large language model? Like, the costs are absolutely insane. And then once they're trained you can't roll things back easily. Which is why, yeah, there's a lot of bias. Yeah, it'd be nice to have Portuguese, you know, it'd be nice to have these things, but we're too far down the pipeline now. So why did they release it as a chat bot from my point of view was to get more inputs? Because if they're going to commercialize this and roll it out to like an Instacart, they need to have a business, they need to have something that proves out the business side of this because the rest of this is too complicated for the average business to sort of. Now, the better question, it was a wonderful question. I'm not criticizing your question. Another question is Chat GT two is very scary. So why would they put out 3.5 and now four? Right. And again, I think, I think the reason is just they're trying to create a fly wheel for the platform for it as a platform. They just need excessive amounts of data. I've had so many conversations with leaders of businesses around the world. They're literally going out to everybody. I didn't know they had a, they must have a sales force the size of, I don't know what, at this point? Because they're knocking on everybody's work. You know, can we have some of that data of yours? Here's all the cool stuff that we can do. Um, you know, that, that creates a sort of untenable situation. I think. So. That's my, my theory. All right. I got one last one and then, yeah, I, I understand that there is a 50 50 scenario and that's fine. But the one word that bothers me a bit in the optimistic scenario is planning. And I mean, if you look at the track record of mankind planning hasn't been one of the strengths, isn't it? Because, I mean, if you look at global warming and we are still proving incapable of tackling it. Um, I, I cannot be terribly optimistic about a, you know, an unplanned future or, or a future that's, um, intended to be planned, but without any capacity for planning. Um, can I, I, I think I recognize your accent. Your English is wonderful. Can you tell me where are you from? What's that? Italy? Ok. I would have guessed the Nordics. Um, and what I was going to say was, uh, was that in the Nordics planning is very much a part of, uh, uh we do a lot of work in the Nordic and there's more desire to do longer term planning, um, than, than there is in other parts of the world. I, I, because I think you're right. Um, and I was just talking to a few other folks during lunch. You know, it feels like things are spiraling out of control. And I used to work with executive teams. My team used to work with executive teams on longer term strategic planning. So you've got whatever your strategic planning cycle is coming up. Um And, and they want inputs to that before they get down to financials. That used to be five years, 10 years, we're getting calls from ST strategic planning cycle is coming up and they want inputs to that before they get down to financials. That used to be five years. 10 years, we're getting calls from strategic planning teams that want help where their cycle is now 18 months or a year or two years. That is crazy. But the feeling is why bother planning when so much is happening. The answer is because you need to be part of that process. But I, but I see the same thing in, you know, especially politics around the world. Everybody is chasing elections and long term sacrifice and sometimes decisions that are not popular. Um I don't know, there, there are examples of companies, I happen to think that that and Jeff Bezos in particular, although this is not being broadcast live, live right out into the world. It is, I'm gonna say it anyways Bezos is at Coachella right now and it's just like, like he's one of the most gifted impactful long term thinkers in modern human history. Um talk about really meaningful, impactful, long term planning and being able to execute on that. Bezos blows my mind except that now he's distracted at Coachella. So I think, I think there are people and there are companies that are capable of doing this. But again, like we've got now a bunch of companies racing against each other with no sort of norms and standards and this is a place where maybe the business community could play a role. All right, so I'm gonna wrap it up there. Key takeaway, please. Um, be the people who, who get to the practical conversations about A I and work really hard to get your executives beyond the hype. And if you think you're moving fast on digital transformation, move faster. Ok. All right. Thank you so much. I mean, I need music. Thank you so much. It was really, yeah. Yeah. Let me take this guys after such an amazing presentation, we need to do the setup change. So we have five minutes if you want to go to the restrooms and thank you, Amy. It was really wonderful. Thank you. Five minutes. We will be back here. Ok. Really? Think it, your, your ideas couldn't be like better aligned with the way we are looking. Check. I know. I know right. The heat we are going to start in one minute. Please take your seats. We are going to start in 30 seconds. Yeah, nonstop second by second meeting by meeting time. Dick talk. There are ghosts for you. Time may be flying for compass. It is speed of lightning because we are leading the disruption of how software is built using our artificial intelligence assisted platforms, artificial intelligence or to save time. A I has turned our great developers into super great developers. It unlocked our power to deliver more, better, faster. It has made us exponential for us A I means the most transformative technology of our lifetime for you. It means gaining the most valuable thing in the world. Time. Tick. How much time will you save for your business today? What's the north for disrupting digital compass? U O L A I assisted software engineering. OK. Hello. Can you hear me? So uh well, I hope all of you enjoyed as much as I enjoyed having Amy Webb here. It was amazing. Uh I think we, we had a tremendous opportunity to connect ideas and, and share with all the things that we are doing together here. So now I would invite you to um work with our new panelists here. So I would like to call Michael Yensi from Edie Artur from Adobe, er from fleet car. We from from C O Jason from Trigger and from web jump for our next panel. Welcome guys. Yeah, I think you're there. Mhm. All right. Hi, everyone. Um I'm Michael Lemanski from Edgy Labs. Good to see everyone again. I guess I got up here earlier. Um It's always great to go after the amazing keynote speaker and lunch. So that ought to be fun for all of us. So, uh today we're gonna be talking about tech trends for 2023. And um as I got to speak with our panel, I was really blown away by a lot of the work that we're doing. We have a wide swath from everything from agriculture to uh to shipping to Adobe when we're doing work. And so what we wanted to do is a little bit of a different model rather than just going back and forth on questions which we will get to. I thought it would be really useful to talk about tech trends through the lens of all of these gentlemen are working on. And so what we want to do is we'll start through um by talking with Arthur, he's got a few slides, everyone's got a few slides that they'll go through and talk about these tech trends. And then we're gonna have a, a AAA dialogue around what we're, what we're looking at, what we're going through. So, um what I'll do is I'll turn it over to Arthur Lacqua first from Adobe and let you kind of go through some of the slide chat and there's AM here. Yeah. Hi. Hi. Thank you Michael for uh I would start by seeing that uh you have a beautiful taste of shoes because we are the same. So it's not made up actually. Uh So, yeah, so yeah, uh good afternoon everyone. So I am uh uh art. Um I am originally from France, but I'm living in Boston here. So very close to the event. Uh I started my career in France uh with uh in marketing automation uh with a French startup that was called uh uh So marketing automation basically uh at a very, very high level is the tool we give to marketers so they can uh send any kind of messages to any channels to their consumer. So you're welcome for all the push S MS and emails you receive every day from the R uh that's coming from us. Um So then uh like I started as an intern and then Adobe acquired uh back in 2013. Um And at this time, uh Adobe had like three clouds, one was sort of creative cloud. Uh The one you know, uh you know, with a Photoshop in design, etcetera. The other one, document cloud uh with PDF Adobe sign and the third one that was called Marketing automation. Now Experience Cloud, it's where Neo and Marketing automation software fit alongside with Adobe Experience manager. We talked about this one. Uh Adobe Analytics and Neo Lane was renamed Adobe campaign. Uh And sorry. OK, thank you. Um And now I'm um a product marketing manager uh for B two C customer journey management. Uh So think about customer journey management as a marketing automation, but on steroid because we can still, you know, do the the batch email, do the newsletter, do the automated campaigns, but we can also now do uh one on one customer journey management and we'll see uh you know what it is in details. Um television is is great. So, you know, talking about um what are like the big trends I see in uh in my business. Uh the first one is uh personalization at scale. Uh So first let's define what it is, right? Everyone has his own definition. So to me, let's define personalization first. Uh So personal to me is uh uh uh be able to send um a customized experience to a customer through the right channel at the right time. And then at scale presentation at scale is being able to do that. But for every of your customer through every, every channels and at in real time. So that's how I will define presentation at scale. And in order to do at scale, you need data. And we have told, you know, all companies to keep the data. So now companies have billions of transactional data, behavioral data from their consumer that represent like petabytes of data in a data lake. And these data are often time like really sting in silo. So you will keep data from your website that will be stored in a different way than the data you have from your mobile app or from like the email channel, etcetera. So everything is like in silo. So that makes it really hard to you know, execute on personal internet scale. So what you need first is is to reconcile all this data in order to execute on personal internet scale and reconcile those data. So you need the right technology in order to stitch all the data together to create this profile of your consumer, to be able to send the right message to your consumer and really enables the personal internet scale. So really deliver a personalized customized message to every of your customer in your database through any of the touch points, could be in store, could be at the ATM, could be on your website everywhere and be able to do that in real time. Um And now, you know, I'm going to speak about more uh how A I can help marketers do their job better. So to me, the second trend is, is really the the A I uh here. And um so A I to me with my line of work is really about freeing time for the marketers. So like automate task or tasks that we are taking marketers hours to do. Now with A I is going to take them like seconds and they will be able to be more nimble, more agile and refocus on what matters the most meaning for marketers best communicate to their clients, send the right experience to their clients. So really be able to focus their work on that versus having to play around with a tool. They don't really know about cutting list, trying to make sense of a list of consumers they want to target etcetera. So that work that we really want to automate and to make it very simple for marketers. Thanks to a and you know, for, for that, we created a model like turn key models as we call it for marketers to be able for them to access it very easily and not having to rely on like a data science expert resource at the company, right? So we need to give marketers a tool to.