1.5 year. That's, that was the journey with the brand. And so how many people? 12,000? Amazing. Yeah. Amazing. Well, thank you again. A lot of people that is a lot of people. Thanks a lot. All right, we're gonna move right into Diego Digo same format if you would talk a little bit about your digital journey and then we'll go right into questions. Actually, I work with digital all my life in the sense that I am. I always work with um online or electronic media and most of the part, most of the part uh B two C products B you see um medias, uh payment and ecommerce, uh portals, a lot of things around that. And uh but I said in the sense that uh this definition because I don't think this define what digital is, uh mainly the digital world and the products in this electronic and online medias um helps you to test and fail and reconstruct, rebuild the thing that you are trying to build. And um I think the best lesson is to learn from the mistakes. Do not uh do not blame the mistakes. You have to learn for uh with your, with, with your mistakes. But uh in the digital world, you can do it, it, it faster, you can do M V P S, you can do A B testing a lot of things. So um my digital life, my digital career is around testing and failing uh a lot. So um it's not about only transformation. Everyone, even the digital native ones needs transformation. If it doesn't seems to have trans the necessity to have transformation, maybe you are wrong because everyone needs transformation. And um all my career is around learning from states, every product and initiative that we have and big pay that is a successful product or successful initiative. Maybe we have plenty more that went wrong. So my career is around learning from my mistakes in digital products. First of all, I love that concept, learn adapt, grow and filling or even failing forward is part of the process of growing. So thank you for that. All right. So let's move into the first question. Uh Is there any difference in how to handle people and culture issues and companies undergoing digital transformation from digital native companies? I think, I think there is different steps or different arrangements of the same steps, but the digital native or the legacy uh ones uh always have the same problems, the purpose that you give to people that you give to people, the incentives that you give to the people and teams. So I think there's difference. The same way that one digital native company has a different uh transformation for another. Another different uh one big pay is a digital native. We were born in cloud, we were born in, born in an ecosystem that we were uh already using some kind of online payments that you had in Brazil in the past. Um We are just, but we are until 2015 for developers. And uh my team has a, had a growth from 30 to 800 in 2.5 years. That's amazing. Yeah. And it's painful. But uh what occurs during that? You have to learn to build the right uh organizational design for each step that you take at the company, the organizational design, the culture, engineering, culture, the practice that the process that you use for 100 people can't be the one that you, you use for 800 people because you will freeze the company and you can't continue to use the process that you use for 54 or five people. So we have to, to get the right people in the right place in the right moment with the right design, uh organizational design, with the right incentives. Sometimes you, you want more uh efficiency, sometimes with the same thing with the same culture, you want more um innovation in the sense that sometimes almost most of the times innovation is a counterpart of efficiency uh in the the meaning of, you know, everything that each resource you have are doing or investing of not in the sense that because for me, innovation brings your results great enough to call your company efficiency. But in the meaning of resource versus immediate immediately results uh innovations, a counterpart. So you have the same people change your uh structure, even in a digital native one, even in, in a a company with a with a huge legacy. So I think every process of transformation has difference, independence if it's a digital Nable one or not, I love it. All right. So one of the best questions um based on kind of my estimations here, um We're talking about a cultural transformation and organizational revolution in, in companies. So what are the stages needed to go from? And dare I say for any of the hip hop AFOs Drake? 0 to 100 real, real quick. How do you go from 0 to 1 in cultural transformation? Can you talk us through that? Be prepared, be prepared for a lot of pain, uh be prepared to make mistakes to uh realize that the person that you put in some positions was not the right person. And that's OK. Um And don't try to use the actual fancy stuff because a lot of practice that you have for 15 years since the seventies work uh is still work great. So we are talking about agility. Uh Now we have a lot of names scram and that is not even so new, but a lot of all of these practices were born in, in the mainframe development. You know, and uh you understand the core of their agility, the core of how people work when they, they are together, when you give them the results that the results that we expect from them, the incentives, the financial incentives, the career incentives um that you give to them. So it's all about incentives. If you, you can organize people around software architecture, around products, around results, you have same people, same group with different incentives. So you have to start, what do you want to solve? What the result, the results that you want to have. So with that result, you create these incentives for the teams or the, the, the people and you have to create um a place, an ecosystem that you watch them going through this uh this path to the results. It's, that's OK. Sometimes it go right, go left, but you are, you are correcting them to the results. So the first step is uh puts the trash. A lot of, a lot of fancy names and buzzwords that you have around management around agility. A lot of those things, understand the core of this one. It's not that that doesn't work, it does work. But what is the call? Where does this practices and methodologies came from, you know, incentives um around the the flow of communication, how people will communicate with each other because it doesn't uh it doesn't matter what methodology uh you, we are using. If you put 30 people in the same place to work in the same thing, you have to find a way to small groups, to work in small things, you know, and all the parts uh can fit together later. So I think there, I think there is no to 0 to 1. You have to pay attention for each step, learn from your mistakes because you are making mistakes. That's for sure. The only thing that I can assure you and then find incentives for the people for the culture, not prescribing them, what they have to do to get the results, find the right incentives. You know, I think it's not a step by step, but uh there's a lot of incentives that you can do to people to, to them, get to you the results. Thanks a lot. Appreciate that. Next in line Leonardo, if you would same format, if you would talk about a little bit about your digital journey and then we'll go right into questions. Ok. Uh uh We are a pharmaceutical company. Uh We are working in the health segment. I don't know if we have in the room, other, other person working in the same segment, but it's a very regulated, uh it's a very regulated market and uh we have the data of the patient and uh we need to be, be be care about this. Uh So our digital transformation is to create uh experience for these H C P S, women, physicians, dentists, and so on. And uh all the pharmaceuticals companies is providing scientific content to the H C P S. Uh Our goal is only, it's not only provided scientific content but provided provided uh segmented experiences for these H C P S. This is our goal. Thanks. All right. So let's move into questions. Um How can an organizational uh encourage collaboration and cross functional team work to foster innovation and digital transformation? Uh Good question though. Uh I really think that the main asset of an organization is the people. Uh So for sure people connecting people uh with the goals uh of uh innovation program or a Digital Transformation program, we can have the expected outcomes uh to do that. I really think that uh we needed to uh to be uh to be comfortable uh become the, the people comfortable uh with the strategy uh foster um a culture of openness and innovation. Um If the people has any concern about the process, you need to, to hear the concerns and address it uh with proper actions and uh for the last but not less important, you need to celebrate your success. It's very important to, to get the confidence of all the stakeholders. Yeah, and getting that confidence sometimes involves getting buy in. I'm sure we've heard that word before, right? Um And So this runs us into our next question. How can a company overcome resistance to change and ensure buy-in from stakeholders when embracing or embarking upon a digital transformation journey? Uh Good. Uh I really think that everyone should be comfortable with the strategy and the way that the company is moving forward, uh saying that uh involving all the stakeholders in the process is very important, having a clear responsibilities is important as well. Uh So, uh if it is all the process, all the strategy being clear, uh people can involve in the process and act, act in the direction of the, of the business goals. Thanks a lot. I appreciate that Patricia. Your next up. If you would tell us a little bit about your digital transformation journey, please. Sure. For us, it's not easy. We started in 2017. 1st of all, we try to do a little connection and a better connection with, with technology and product team because we have a lot of silos inside of a, we are a traditional company. So uh for us, it was a long journey to explain for all of our employees and it is 20 100 no, 1200. How can we do this in the best way? And our first movement was um make and transform the silos silos was uh a big challenge for us because we discovered that we have different kinds and ways of work and converge all of this for our digital transformation um make, we did some um choice and hard choice like in um preparing and changing some people there. And after that two years ago, we created an area er called responding directly for our people dire directory because we saw um that it's not a a method. Digital transformation transformation is a method, but we need to adapt it for our future. So we call an experienced partner to help us to do this in the best way. After that, we started to construct a teams. So today, we have more than 200 more or less um teams working with trips. And uh we are starting to work with domains uh to transform our technological park. It's another question I know and we created something called translate to English is a link. E is uh make a mistake, correct this and super supren our customers and us and do it fast. The second is, is freedom to be who I am and respect is not, it's not negotiated for us. So it was an important thing to work with diversity in our group too. And the last one is oh is uh proud to be a part of this. Um We have a, a big biggest uh cons in GP uh T W. When we transformed our future in 2020 we will uh have the confirmation and we are the 15th place in, in Brazil the best to work. And now uh after 2022 we did another uh transformation based on technology. Got it. So let's get right to the questions. We're getting close to the hour here. So how can you make a transition from a traditional management culture model to a digital culture in a more lighter manner? OK. Um The first question, I introduce everything that I said and I'd like to tell you a little bit about our technology area. So um we have a big partnership with Aws. We started doing a biggie program to training and capacity capacity, our technology team um to do three things. We started in three different models. First of all, we reconstruct in zero um our advertisement uh environment based on the best practice in digital and code er anything that, you know, the second one was bring it in uh uh into a our uh in interest system in model as this. So we have um an infra infrastructure inside of a and we have two environments and everything based on cloud. And another way we are have um infrastructure, physical and uh the last one and we reconstructing the teams based on um different ways um with zero humor, interaction with uh a quality assurance future that now Compass will help us a lot. And the last I was saying that Compass will help. Absolutely. And the finally, uh we are preparing our engineering groups to use platforms like you mentioned so much. It's the way that we'd like to um modernize our park of systems. All right. So coming up with your last question, when we talk about technology, um what would be your suggestions in order to give the necessary? And I love this word speed to transformation. So uh people are people. Yeah. Yeah. And uh first we need to understand what's necessary for our business. It's not necessarily constructed the best way we need to know the best movement. And we have a critical operation um in Brazil because we have uh we work with a lot of government benefits and we have uh a special time to use our card card who has a here. I know that you need to have a lunch and a cow lunch and you need to pay for this. So this movement that we uh propose is based on our consumers uh safety. So it's a because that I told you before that we construct something by zero based on the best technology bring on in our uh data center um Monolith in the biggie monster inside there. It's like a bomb like that. I told you a bomb. Yeah, and the last one is preparing and developing all the time in our teams. Well, thank you for that helio digital journey. Please share. Sure. Uh I already mentioned part of that, but uh I'd like to start one point is about the decision to move all the team of technology together for the transformation. So uh we don't have a team that is dedicated for the old systems or the new systems. How the team is responsible for the the world. The out part this decision is impacting our velocity of the movement. But it is very important to have the team engagement with the movement. So we are transforming the way that they think and the purpose of the transformation, not just the result, but what will be the future? We need to take care of that and we need to develop these things in all the team and a unique propose of to have a future of easier, faster and we can do the things when we need. So do what we need when we need. Not just to move in the transformation very fast. A lot of that constant continuous improvement mindset. So question, what is the biggest challenge uh in learning related to people and culture according to your experience in digital transformation? Yeah. Uh we also is a very traditional company uh with a lot of um um not to risk accepted. So we think about how to move with very confident movements each one. So we need to prepare the teams, not just the technology team or not just the users, but the board of the company, the directors of each one of credit unions that have a lot of people to be engaged and to believe in the transformation. So we need to invest in the communications, communications and communications to explain the reasons. That's why we are doing that. And when we will go to because of that, we have a transformation of culture of the way we do the things. Not to think exactly what we used to do, but think about new possibilities. It's not just about to have new ideas. It's about to be to accept these ideas for the other teams or for the other people. If you don't accept the ideas, you think the same way and you have no transformation. So we have to transform the culture. Thank you. So, what recommendations do you have for all of us in terms of achieving success in digital transformation projects? Um I think we need uh movements that you can measure and you can follow for the all the team and the company that you are getting the results, it's working, it's a success. So you need to celebrate that and you need to move in this mouth piece. It's small steps, but you can measure, you can set new expectations and you can go in this movement very, not just fast bust, but very strongly and robust. So I believe on that. Thanks a lot. Appreciate that. You're next talk a little bit about your digital transformation journey. All right. So our um I'll call it our our snowball moment, right? Um Donaldson, just for all of you guys is 100 and five year old manufacturer. So super, super old company, really, really Um I think this has been alluded to previously by other panelists. Uh a bit more of a traditional company a little slower to change. Uh The, the, the train doesn't go real fast sometimes. So in 2014, we made a massive purchase, which was Adobe experience manager. For us. We were on a stent platform. It was 20 years old. It was, we used to brag our, our leadership used to brag, oh, we don't invest in websites. What come again? Um So when I started our, our big snowball moment was purchasing experience manager, right? Since then, we have upgraded our commerce platform. We've upgraded our C R M. We've added analytics tools. We've added A B testing. Uh We're in the middle of a massive overhaul for our marketing automation platform and this is all in the last 10 years. So this is running at a rate of rapid for our business. We have redesigned our website which is 20,000 plus pages twice. We have stayed constant. We have constantly been pushing the envelope for a company that used to joke at board meetings that we don't invest in that. Our customers don't want to see that. And so for us, it was really, really important to show the world that we weren't just the 105 year old dinosaur. We were not just a manufacturer, we were a tech company. We were constantly producing new things and we needed platforms to help our sales professionals, our marketing professionals articulate that value to our customers. We're primarily B to B and we rely on our customers to sell our end product product. And so it's important that we're not only giving our sales teams our marketers, the, you know, the platforms, the automation, the engagement to have good experiences, but that we're constantly pushing them to push the envelope and how they're doing that and how they're presenting our products to customers. Awesome. And we again, content threat. We really appreciate you relying on us for your integration muscle to help you guys achieve that hyper scale. So we'll move right into questions for Britney Britney. I love this question and even the way you phrased it. Um How can you make sure you have the right people on the bus beep for digital transformation specifically in gathering leadership support and building champions? Yeah, I think this one's really, really important. The way my team works is really focused on subject matter experts. So I don't try to pinch it on stuff. I don't know really important, right? So a lot of what we do is educate leadership when we hear them say things like, oh we need to be doing this or we need to be doing that, we educate them on what the technology actually does and how it can actually create efficiency and scalability in our business. So if it's S E O, I'm not talking about it, I'm not an S E O expert. I have team members that specialize in that and can help simplify those incredibly difficult constructs to articulate them to leadership. So they understand what type of value that's actually gonna bring to our business. So it's really important that in my opinion, from a leadership perspective, we're lifting up these experts to help articulate to our business. What type of value it brings play to your strength? I love it. All right. So how do you motivate cross functional teams in or two, support each other during the digital transformation projects? And Hypercare? We listen so much of what my team does is is listening to our business partners and actually letting them articulate the problem, what they're experiencing, what their frustrations are, how they're engaging with us. So we spend a lot of time in that active listening phase just hearing them out because at the end of the day, it's not the business partner's job to provide a solution. It's my team's job to provide that. So we spend all that time hearing them out so that we can give them the best possible solution so that we can give them the best possible process so that they're actively engaged so that they're