Since maybe the last thing to say on this one is 100 years ago, you could be an expert in 10 different things today. You can be an expert of ophthalmology of the right retinal something. Um It's very specialized, it's gotten a lot more, a lot more data about, you need to know a lot more data about whatever that right retina is going to look like. So how do you get and synthesize all that information? And I truly believe a I or any kind of machine deep learning is going to help you do that. The question is, can you evolve to learn versus evolve to get an answer? So I also know you have a few Children. Have you had to have this conversation at all with them about A I and, and the different tools that are out there yet. Um Yeah, it's, it's um it's fascinating. So um we, I appeared last year about 18 months ago and um I'm, you know, one of my probably as a bad dad, the proudest moment was my daughter came to me and said, I want to be a leader in technology, you know, after attending the IP L, I'm like, great. Uh, for the last 18 months she's herself gotten really into computer science and so she spends a lot more time than even I do sometimes, you know, writing code. Uh, so we have a lot of conversation about, uh, computer science as a result. Um, and, you know, part of this is, it's a tool. It's like saying a computer is a tool. A book. We don't think about it today, but a book is a tool. Before there was an encyclopedia. What did you do? I don't know. It's a genuine question. Like I have no idea what you, what you did before that. Uh Before you had search, you had Google search. What did you do? Anybody remember gopher or like now there's like three people here who know what that even means. Um Those, those were your search tools to actually go do that before, you know, tomorrow there will be something else. And so one of the best parts about humans is we evolve or we don't. So, you know, it goes one way or the other. Yes, without a doubt. Uh Marcus, I'd love to get your perspective on, you know, how A I and Chat is gonna balance the boundaries with learning and education. Yeah. Thanks, Gary. Um I, I think we don't know the boundaries right now. I think the only thing that we can do is we can provide guidelines and I think it's our responsibilities as mentors and then teachers, we heard from a lot of good professors. I think it's our responsibility to teach the next generation how to use this tool. It is just a tool. It's a, it's a very powerful tool, but it's still a human in the end of the day that makes this final decision. So talking about our industry, my industry specifically, the safety regulator doesn't, doesn't, doesn't care if it's a program that copied from stack overflow generated with chat G BT. It's always the responsibility of the programmer to make sure that that program is safe, that it's tested to a certain safety standard and that it's then certified by, if sea produces that piece of code, we are liable for its safety. And so I think overall the boundaries, we don't know today, the only thing we can do is evolve with it and make sure that we teach the students how to, how to use it and make sure that we fact check it and make sure that we embrace it as well because as we're talking about today, we are talking about the next generation of software engineers enabling to be more efficient to super the next super engineer. Um So I think we have to bring that into schools as early as possible if we want people to understand how to use these and become more efficient. Going forward, Marco. Thank you. Um I wanted to introduce you to our next Panelist, Palo. Hi. Hi, everyone. Thanks for the invitation. I'm glad to be here. Well, I'm, my background is computer science too uh as working as software engineer. Uh Actually I, I work here at Vivo. Vivo is a trade Telephonics group trademark company uh in Brazil. It's a leader of the marketing in Brazil. Uh I, I work with the A AAA. It's a A I platform of, of it's uh in, it's, it's a valuable in the various channels in Brazil for, for sales and customer attendant uh with more than 30 millions of the interaction for months. Um That's it. Thank you very much. Um I wanted to introduce you to our next Panelist. Uh Felipe. Hi, everyone. I'm really happy to be here. Uh A little bit of background on myself. Uh I started my career in the financial market and financial sector. I worked for big banks like Deutsche Bank uh later on Sunday, also General Electric Consumer Finance. Uh I spent 11 years on the loyalty industry in 2014. I co-founded which is the biggest uh loyalty program in Brazil right now with 22 million customers. Uh After that, I was the director for Digital Strategy for Santa there for a couple of years. And then I joined uh Daza. Daza is the biggest healthcare provider in Brazil. Uh We created a ecosystem connecting uh doctors, patients and uh insurance companies. Um And after that, since last week, I joined Uh And I'm congratulations, thanks and I'm the global uh ahead for G A I initiative. Uh I'm really happy to be here talking to you guys. Awesome. Thank you. So, Paula, I wanted to ask you, um How do you feel A I is gonna change and evolve in the next 12 months at Telefono? And, and it's not so easy to, to prediction about this because it's, it's very fast and change everything all the time, you know. Uh because the chef GT transformed the A I system to be very easy to put things on, on the, on the client side, you know, but it's not uh totally true about this. Uh At Vivo, we are working in a, in a partnership with Microsoft to, to use the, the Microsoft, the API uh for to create some, some, some use cases for the call center mainly uh to help the employees to get some information uh very clicky and, and more assertive. Um we are, we are working together to create a laboratory to innovation with using GP G to transform some, some, some tools or up and create some tools for the sales, the sales person or the uh call center attendees, uh loyalty programs, for example, uh and other other things that we could create together with Microsoft. Thank you very much, Felipe. I know you with your new role, have a couple of things that you're working on. Uh Maybe you can share those with us a little. Yeah, I'm just gonna start with some uh study that conducted internally at encompass. Uh We can more than double the performance of the, the single developer using uh A I. Our vision of this would be if our clients would be able to send us a voice message through any chatting software like whatsapp, if we could transform that into requirements, store those requirements and then automatically start to develop software in the developer would play a role certifying that the software developer is compliant and delivering whatever uh our client uh once uh and all of that uh orchestra in a single platform. That's the the idea behind the A I cockpit. Um In other words, we are trying to orchestrate all the good tools that are already on the market. We are not trying to reinvent the wheel here, but we have really good specialized tools for each step of the development process of the software engineering process. So we're going to leverage all those tools we are integrated with the most common right now. And of course, researching and studying the new wave gen I that will come over the next month and we will integrate that into the platform as well. So putting that all together on a single platform that can uh orchestrate all the process and give back information, important information for the management team uh to, to follow up on the the the workforce and A I initiative. That's our main vision in A I cockpit that we're implementing right now. Great. Thank you very much for sharing. I really appreciate it. I wanted to hand it over to Anna. Um I know you gave us a really great overview of Pepsico. Tell me some of the trends that you've seen in applications recently that you think will be the fastest to adopt. Well, I I think as, as I, I was, you know, mentioning to you guys, I think we have been through a journey that in the past was mostly related to you know, productivity. It was mostly related to process optimization. So this is what I think most of the companies were going through. This was the beginning of the so-called digital transformation. And this is what we all embarked in a very massive way looking for mostly productivity and cost reductions. Uh Today, we have been augmenting cognitive automation. So we've been augmenting intelligence to the process. So it's not only about automating but it's really evolving automation into a very intelligent way of working. Um And this is where I think we have applications. We've been, as I mentioned, applying this, let's call augmented uh you know, brain uh to everything we do if possible, right. So uh again, it's from, in my case, from consumers all the way back to to a and there's so many use cases that we actually can tap into. Uh you can imagine a very heavily manufacturing you know, uh industry like mine, you have so many areas of opportunity uh to really be more intelligent and at the same time regenerate much better experiences to being our consumers or our employees. So I think in general, we have tons of opportunity to, to keep being more intelligent in everything we do. And this is what we are looking for. Honestly, it's really tapping into every single place of our value chain. Um And understanding what are the opportunities that will allow us not only to be more efficient, which is a consequence, but also create better experiences, create better lives for our people as well. Because at the end of the day, we want people to go home earlier and to be able to deliver more. So this is all we have, we are targeting and I'm sure it escalates no different, right? No, it's the same about the manufacturing, the future for the A I in our chain for produce. But uh I would like to, I would like to talk about the, the sales division and about the train for the retail and dis distribution management in the Brazil because my car uh I like to you by training but I am a sales guy. No. Uh in the Brazil, it's very important to understand the movement that you have in the B to B platforms for the attendance for the additional 10 because Brazil is a country, it's a big, big country, you have a many different countries in each regions. If you analyze the, the North East, it's totally different when you compare South East and you talk about the same channel traditional. OK. It's very, very important to understand why the way you have in the B two B, the wall compass and Web Jam is a partner with the, they are developing the B two B in the Brazil. But why can I put information and intelligence artificial to help the sales team? But the big challenge that I have in here and now it is my moment. It's what I can to engage. The sales team. Don't afraid about the eye. I lose my position because the computers is grow up and take out my, my job. It's important that you to understand what's the tools and what's to engage the two teams incentives campaigns. But the principle, its transparence and communications because everybody here know and want to know what's happened in the future. What's happened in my position? It's very, very important to think about the people and what's the technology help the people in their performance. But when you grow up your personal job too. Thank you. Um I wanted to give the next question to Marco Marco. You told me uh a little bit earlier today about a really cool project that you guys are working on at the Hong Kong airport. Can you share a little bit about that? Yeah, for sure. So, so Hong Kong is actually the the biggest project that we had in in company history. We've installed 230 odd four K cameras that are streaming video from all around the airport and for both air traffic control and airport operators. And and this is quite a unique project in the entire industry because traditionally the air traffic management industry has been um sort of plagued with data silos. So airline has some data, airport has some data and then the air traffic controllers have some, some data as well. Sometimes they share data if governments regulate them to do so. But really there's a lot of data silos. So what we were able to do in Hong Kong is we deployed our digital platform to drive digital transformation both for air traffic control and for the airport operator. So for example, one use case of that is that the air traffic controllers can now see what's going on at the gate. Is there a delay with the fueling? Is there a delay with baggage handling? Is there a delay with passengers coming on? And what that allows them to do is change the way that they assign gates. So that for example, if let's say gate B 23 has a delay of 10 minutes, but gate B 24 is empty, I can shift my next aircraft to the next gate. Whereas traditionally that information sharing wasn't happening from from the airport that assigns the gate to a traffic control that directs the tracks. Do you guys utilize that technology with American? Because American tends to, like get into D F W like 10 minutes early. And I'm like, you didn't tell them that we were coming. They didn't like, figure it out. Um Keep going though. Yeah, funnily enough. Actually, we, we have a big system in laguardia where Delta managers in the US, sometimes the airline manages a apron control. So actually Delta uses our, our virtual ramp control system in laguardia to do exactly that. And, and funnily enough, I came to Boston yesterday and the first thing that I heard from my pilot is that sorry, it is busy. We have some rent control issues said, well, I have the solution for that. I have a new client. I need to introduce you to in Dallas. Um I wanted to hand it out to JJ JJ if you could just share a little bit about your industry and business. And really what you see is some of the changes that are gonna happen relatively quickly using A I. Um The, the interesting part now is that the rate of change as is always the case, you know, has probably doubled. The last stat that I remember was something from I B M which talked about rate of change of knowledge was doubling every decade or so. And that was in, you know, prior to 2000. Um They had thought that by 2012, it will be doubling every year, which I believe it is. And somewhere in 2030 it will be doubling every hour. It's exponentially changing how much data that you're gonna be able to harness. I was gonna add to Anna's point earlier. Um Every time somebody talks about an augmented brain, I, I kind of picture brain up top that is sitting over your head and kind of sifting information that's coming down based on your preferences and kind of learning what you're you're interested in and then helping. There's problems with that, there's going to be bias built in as a result of that. So, you know, we got to guard against those things. Um and your personal bias as well, like we kind of start to filter in over time. So how do you get the opposite side of the argument, making sure that that's happening? We don't do enough of that in the country, I think, or most countries in the geopolitical side, but we won't talk about that today. Um So there's, I think the aspects of quote unquote A I are gonna change. Um They have been over the last 20 years, we just don't see them anymore. They were magic when they first happened um Today, you know, Chad GP T feels like magic tomorrow. It will be something else. And so it's just a nature of, of the beast we're gonna evolve. Uh The, the computing systems um akin to this a lot. You know, it's kind of hard to tell you now. But if you look back in history of, of computing, it kind of started in 19 forties in 2015 GP US really made a huge inro kind of accelerated what we're seeing today. So what you're seeing with chad GP T today really kind of kicked off in, in 2015 at that point, neural networks were what really kicked into gear and, and we're making it available for you to do at that point, what was called adversarial networks. These are now generative networks. Um There will be symbiotic networks coming up here soon. Um And then compute with large language models like this has gotten to a place where you could actually do that compute. Uh the thing that they, you don't hear is how much time and energy it did take to actually, you know, do chat GP T 1234 and 4.5. Um in terms of time to actually generate that language model, it takes a lot of time and energy to actually go do that. So um there will be something new that will come along. But what's cool is on my laptop, I have image generation chat generation. So I basically Google on my laptop um as well as speech just running locally on my machine, which is pretty insane. So from a version of where we were just even, you know, a couple of years ago to today that has accelerated quite a bit. Uh Felipe, I know you've had a lot of exposure to A I in leading the charge with compass. Tell us a little about what you think we're going to see in like the next six months. Some of the fastest emerging trends, I think we're gonna totally disrupt the, the software engineering uh industry. Uh We haven't captured yet the potential of the, the, the A I on this industry. I'm gonna strongly believe that over the next weeks, we're gonna start to, to get to know the real potential of that. But as soon as, as, as, as much as I um study and read and, and, and test the technology, I got even more scared of the potential of that. Uh Of course, we have to be careful about the creation of the D A I. There's a lot of roadblocks that we might encounter over the, the, the path, but I strongly agree that the technology that we have today, the hard that we have today available. Uh We, we couldn't think about that 5, 10 years ago. So that's what's opening our windows or windows to the world right now. So I expect a huge change. I think protecting it is, is really important as well. I actually wanted to invite uh uh Mike Humans if you can come join us. Uh Mike's CEO of and I just wanted to, as we're looking at quick emerging fast trends. Just a couple of things that we wanted to share about kind of what's next and around the corner. Mike. Thank you for joining us unexpectedly. Thank you for having me. Um When Gary and Alexis said, hey, I should jump on the panel today. I uh I said, great. I've got about 20 slides we could go through on Gene of A I and I said, no, no, no, you get two slides, two minutes just gonna go through we're working on. So, um when we started Edy, what, seven years ago, uh we were really focused on understanding how A I was going to impact content marketing and was very much driven by what you were just talking about JJ, the, the concepts behind um uh uh what Google was doing and what was happening with neural networks that evolved really, really rapidly. And um interestingly, we're, we're looking at what's happening now with the new web three. So history of, of um of the web really started in, in 1990 through 2004 where it was really static web, people bringing brick and mortar onto their um onto the web. And then that obviously dynamically changed in 2004 and into today. And so you had Facebook and e-commerce and all these things kind of come up today. 2023 we're really being able to unlock a lot of the, the, the value of GP T. So we're we're thinking about things like the, the use case as you all are talking about um writing fast and code and things like that. If you, if you look at it at a kind of a macro level, there's a amount of um of value being unlocked with generate A I. So there's a lot of concepts today. Everyone's talking about personalization. What does personalization really mean? Well, um that will be further unlocked with, with generate A I and what's gonna happen with web three? Um There's a lot of work that's going to be done around um just ecommerce site, conversational a asking it a question, how is it going to answer that question back to you? And so what we've been thinking about and we've been working on with Edgy if we go to the next slide is really making sites conversational. And this concept of the challenges that that causes things like security reliability client. The sheer fact of when you have uh a conversational website and you're using something like chat, GP, sorry, chat GP T or Google Bar or managing any of those interfaces, how is that going to actually work? And so there's uh well, we at Ed are working through um building services for use cases and then putting them inside of a platform that will allow all of our customers and users to be able to go out there and actually create these websites that are secure that are reliable, that are conversational in nature and that will unlock a lot of the value of where we're going with Web three. So it's really exciting to be on this panel and listen to what all you guys are doing because it's like, it's, it's just really uh the, the next evolution kind of of what the uh of where we're going with this with gen A I uh if I may add, uh it's actually an interesting problem. So I have a really good uh friend colleague, he and I disagree on everything. So it's a, it's a natural, natural state of affairs and we talk about browse based uh web versus, you know, search or chat based web. And how do you actually answer? Like I'm an engineer in general. Uh The most people think I'm in, I'm in marketing for some reason. I don't know why my whole family thinks that um, anyhow. Um and it's interesting, it's like he will argue all day long that browse based experiences are still the way to go, whether it's based on web three or it's web two immaterial at that point. Um And, um, you know, chat is great. We actually worked on, um uh one of my last company at ebay, we worked on shop bot for specifically that can we do shopping based on chat? Can we understand your query well enough to, to be able to answer this in a, you know, pretty meaningful fashion? Um And I think the answer is now you can understand the query, but the question is, do you have the inventory to give you the answer back that you want or are you going to show back the same old results? Because that's what you got? Like what you sell, what you got? So, it really just depends though. Yeah. Well, I think what's really interesting and I think, um GP T four really unlocked a lot of stuff, right? So what, what's what we're seeing with GPT four is that this idea of dynamic server side generation is actually available and it's not, we're not quite there, but it's going to happen this year. I think by the end of this year, you're going to start seeing these things. And what's, what's really interesting about it is I think it's not browser based versus chat based. I think you're going to still see a combination thereof and it's how do you prepare your, your site, your brands, your and even from a consumer perspective, it's like, how do you create the best possible consumer experiences? And that's what's going to be, that is what's happening today. But what, what's super interesting in my opinion is that it's not just GPT, right? It's Google Bar, it's Facebook, everyone's going to have what we're calling a AI interfaces or a two interfaces, right? And as a brand, if you think about it, GPT doesn't have a long term or short term memory, like it doesn't know what happened yesterday and it's not really supposed to. So it's incumbent upon us as businesses to actually give the large language models. All of them, not just one at a time, but all of them through these interfaces, the information they need to have real time data so that you can keep them up to speed. So it's just the future of where search and content marketing are going. Yeah, I think another really important thing is Mike was sharing about how chat is really scouring the entire web. The future down the road is going to be building your own language models for your own business. You are the king and queen of your own domain with the knowledge base that you have and then feeding that into this conversational interface and then getting it out to consumers. So Felipe, did you wanna add anything? OK. No, I was discussing here that I think that the two world of uh browser base and Google based search and, and uh uh conversational model have to coexist. They, they don't need to compete between them. We have to learn how, how can they combine the b more than, than just a single part? Well, I uh I know we're running out of time. I just really wanted to thank campus and everybody here attending the day and I want to thank my incredible Panelist. Thank you guys very much. It's been absolute pleasure getting to know you building up to this experience and I know that the the world will continue to transform and air will be a big part of it. So, thank you so much for joining us today. You think I four nonstop second by second by meeting took goes for you time may be flying for compass. It is speed of lightning. We are leading the disruption of how software. OK. So thing. So what, what a wonderful panel, uh really excited. I know everyone is hungry. So now it's time for lunch and we will have uh a little less than one hour because one o'clock sharp, we will have our great keynote speaker. So we want to be ready like five minutes earlier so that we can start on time, right? I think there's something else that, that they are asking me to remember everyone our dinner tonight. It's a little earlier. Seven PM, right? So the new schedule for dinner tonight, seven PM and something else. That's it. Ok. So the new address. Ok. So if, if someone doesn't have the address yet, Martin Clayton can help there. Ok. So good lunch for everyone. 5 to 1. We will try to be here again. Ok. Yeah, thank you.