That a Exactly. Yeah, one minute until our next panel, one minute to take your seat. Thank you. OK. So while we are sitting, I just wanted to say hello to the more of 6000 engineers that are connected to us online uh on our streaming. I'm sure there are a few 100 customers as well. So I really wanted to thank you and see how much we appreciate of having you with us. And uh many of you that are online, uh You have my whatsapp. So if you want to send me any questions, please feel free on doing it. And I think Mars and the team are also uh thinking of ways of getting some of your questions here. So I, I would be very happy to answer some of them. And so now I would like to invite um we have a very exciting panel. Uh This is uh much of my passion uh is about how do we create opportunities for people. We will now be talking to a few folks that are very important partners in educating and nurturing great talent, high potential talent. And actually, we brought some of the high potential talent and we brought some of the partners. So I would like to invite to be here with us. Uh Now in the panel uh Pablo Gonzalez uh Santiago Lopez, they are two students of Compas Academy. I would like to invite my friend uh Antonio to from University of Paso Fun and also Vanessa Taa from. Mhm Well, so I think the first thing uh really important to say thank you uh to Antonio Antonio Tome is the Vice Dean of the University of Paso, which I'm very proud to say is where I graduated in 1994 29 years ago. That's a lot of time. And uh we really appreciate University of Paso Fund to being here. It's, it's the city where I was born. I'm a software engineer. I graduated there. So I'm really, really excited about all the things that we've done together and uh many of, of the compass uh original uh the first employees came from University of Poso Fund and still come today. We also have Vanessa Tao from uh a uh a dear friend and partner and it's all about education as well, right? And we have here uh Pablo in Santiago that uh they joined the Compas Academy Program uh a few months ago. Actually, you graduated in February, right? And uh you came from Colombia yesterday and you came from Mexico. And uh we are really excited to see how these initiatives are transforming and creating opportunities to change people's lives. We will talk a little more about that, but I would like to start just asking uh Pablo to introduce himself and share a little about his experience. Perfect. Thank you very much. Uh First of all, thank you for having me. Um My name is Pablo Gonzalez. I am a computer science and technology student from Technological Monterrey, which is uh one of the largest private universities in Mexico. I'm also currently working as an E E uh support and automat at coca-cola Femsa and I'm also starting my own business, which is uh I T consulting business for small and medium enterprises called uh new Stage innovation. So as you can see, uh I love technology, I love software. I I, I started as a mechanical engineering and quickly changed my career path because it's just amazing all the things that are being created right now and all the things that we are students are exposed to. Um I think the common factors here is um not, not only the software and the technologies that come but for the education, right? And how we learn things and how we we adapt to these new emerging changes. Um Yeah. So as Alexis said, I had the opportunity to be part of one of this last generation of the campus Academy, the Latin scholarship program. Um this opportunity was, was great. I focused on a learning path which focused on, on backend technologies all about um backend development, er architecture and, and stuff like that. But I also had the opportunity to learn about the cloud. We focused on the Aws cloud and all of its services about how to implement them, not only in, in the professional life, but also in the personal life. So that was really interesting as well as I could um get my certification. My first of many, I believe, certifications on Aws. So I believe uh the program was not just uh a great opportunity for me personally, it, but also professionally, it, it boosted a lot of my career. First of all, I'm, I'm really grateful for, for being a part of this opportunity. But of course, I want to highlight the attention and the support from all the campus teams, people such as uh Thiago, Lili Macg, Rafaela, I think they were, they highlighted the importance of focusing on people, right? Uh, as my fellow panel speaker said that technology is important, right? Um Emerging technologies are, are very common right now, but the important thing is betting on people, right? Betting on, on your team, betting on education. And I think, uh, we, for example, Santiago and I are the prime examples of what not only this program did for us, but how, how it is important to, you know, just focus on the people that are around you and how you can improve their lives in both personal and professional matter to just um focus on these on these technologies. Yeah. And uh I think Pablo uh if you could please share uh how, how many colleagues and students you had during the program uh that were from Mexico. I think you also had uh a little more than 100 colleagues from other five countries as well. If you could just share, how was the interaction, the team work? Uh How did that uh work for you? Yeah. Uh So we were, I if I believe we started like 100 40 students from different countries in, in Latin, we had a Mexico, we had Colombia, we had um Argentina Uruguay and Chile, right? We started uh with a lot of people. I think the communication was um amazing. We, we, well, I got to be part of, of various communities, people did their own groups in, in with um countries combined. So I got to meet, for example, Santiago here from Colombia, which uh right now I have the pleasure to meet in person. But I think the, the interaction from many different students, motivated students from different parts of the world were just um a, a bonus were a plus in just uh this, this academy program. Excellent. Thank you, Pablo. So now pass it to Santiago uh Santiago. If you could please also introduce yourself. I think you have that mic there. It should be working as well. Yeah. Hey, yeah. OK. Um First, I'm very glad to be here today with you. Guys, thank you Alexis for the invitation. And I also want to thank to the campus team that was involved in all this process in the academy. Um I am Santiago. I am from Colombia. Currently I'm pursuing a computers, computer software engineering degree, uh Alexander from Humboldt University in Armenia. I also had the opportunity a few weeks ago of finishing my internship in a software development company called Atlantic. So, and with campus, I had the opportunity of getting certified with Aws in the cloud Practitioner Certification, which was very grateful experience and I enjoyed it a lot. Um The experience during the Campus Academy program was amazing. Outstanding, not only for the opportunity of networking with fellowships around all that time, Pablo and all the guys across Colombia and all the other countries that I had the opportunity to met. But also the technologies that we learned before being in this program, I've never had like an approach with cloud services, but then I realized that something like Aws is bigger than you expect and the services that it offers is amazing and what you are able to deal with that is outstanding. So thank you so much for, for this lexis, the program, everything and well, and how many, how many colleagues did you have from Colombia in the in the program? Well, er I think it started like with 30 or 40 people in the program, you know, at the beginning. Excellent. So this program it's, it's part of our uh annual initiative on offering scholarships to students this year. It's a little more than 2000 scholarships all over the world. And uh I need to say that Aws is a huge supporter for from the pro for our program this year. Uh We have uh additional funding from Aws on helping us to scale this globally. So what we started to do now is to expand the program to other regions in the world. We were talking about leveling the global field. And uh so uh we had the opportunity to build the connections with the University of Port Harcourt in Nigeria, uh the last quarter, last year. And we were able to have them joining the program. So it's the first edition that we are building with Aws in Africa. Uh They were invited to be here, the Vice Dean of the University of Port Harcourt. He should be here. He had an issue, he couldn't fly. So uh we got some videos that I think will help you understand how powerful these initiatives can be. So I will just go through a few videos. First of all, I want to thank you and the team for making our time to uh join this meeting. I think we all have a responsibility in the world and a few people have to take that responsibility. But you and me and him have accepted to take this responsibility. And I want to say a special. Thank you to you all. So, so be is of course that uh has been the one who built the connections. He's the CEO and founder of one of the largest drilling companies in Nigeria. He studied uh in, in the University of Port Harcourt. I met him a few years ago, we became friends and now he build these connections and he introduced us to the university where he studied and he has some very nice words that he will share with you for uh making an attempt to help um my people, the university uh especially and uh I'm sure we can extend this help to other universities in the future as entrepreneurs. We, we have an energy inside us that drives us. And that energy is not all about um making money. The energy is to be able to help other people who don't have the same opportunity or the exposure that we had. One of the experiences we had my reading group. And Alex was part of it was that I was, I always preach love in class, I preach love in our gatherings. I preach love. And the biggest shock that we had was that when we got to the end of our program and uh we had the speaker came to speak. He said that it doesn't matter how much money that we make, what matters is our ability to use the position we have to show love to others. So which is exactly what Alex and his team are doing right now. We are coming together to use our influence, our network, our contact to help other people who don't have such opportunity. OK, I'm very, very happy. I like that uh doing this and I want to thank your team for supporting you to do this because this is all that matters at the end of it. It's not how much money we have in our accounts uh that matters. It's how much love that we show to others. Thank you very much. Thank you. But before I go, I also want to know that the Hamilton as a company is deeply involved in this project. So any way we can help the university financially with uh infrastructure would be happy to support if for any reason, they don't have the right uh systems to connect with you guys or whatever that needs to be done, Alex to ensure that there's ease in communication, there's ease in uh helping the students, maybe buy them computer or whatever Hamilton will be happy to support and do this uh to help the uh the students. So please, I want the university to know that they have our support. I think now we have Leticia, she is the head of the science program at UNI more than 33 have already registered as we speak. So we, we, the day we launched the program, the same day we have the same day we had 33 students immediately joining the program and we only needed 20 to start. We were, we were expecting to have like 20 by the end of the week. And on the same day, we had the immediate uh registration of 33 students while we were doing the kickoff meeting. Another question they asked, you know, some of them are in their second year, some are in the third year. Some are in the final year. I invited, I invited the three levels to this training. So they want to find out assuming they, they know they did well after this training and they are asked to come over there to continue work with you with. They, they are, they are, you know, their education here. How, how they, yeah, this is a very important question. When we, when we build these programs, we are trying to build additional knowledge to the students. But the thing we don't want is that as soon as they have the just basic things, they already have a job. It's easy to find a job with these skills. We want them to go through the end of their program. So what we do with the students that we bring in after we train them, we hire them with a smaller number of, of hours so that they can make sure they go through the end of their graduation program and they are committed. And also that's important for the universities because they are the ones partnering with us. We want to make sure that they are building that knowledge and that staying within the universities as well. Yeah, I saw a question here which was written in the shaft from Daniel. He's asking uh I wanted to ask if the student must be a computer science student to participate. So, uh we, we have uh been developing the program in this edition. It was mostly for computer science program, but we also have for all the stem uh area. Uh we are, we are always building uh the expansion of the program so that we can get not only the computer science but people that are in engineering in math and statistics as well. Do you want to ask questions? Yes, ma'am. Uh I want to ask some questions. I wanted to ask uh about the uh Mr Alexis and Mrs is, is, are we gonna get a spec real specialization? Yeah. So we are always looking into areas of the specialization. So for example, this program now it will be covering Aws technologies and it will have introduction to prompt engineering, to gen A I and to A I safety. So when you talk about leveling the global field, we feel that these students in, in Nigeria, they are having access to the same opportunities to learn as the students that are here in Stanford and Harvard or, or any other prestigious university. So I think this is something that uh is very powerful in terms of bringing opportunities for people. I need to say that today is a very important day for compas we are very proud of this partnership. We want to make it a huge success. So I really would like to say a huge thanks for everyone. So this program is the extension of what we started 20 more than 20 years ago with University of Paso. So now I would like to connect with the origin of everything where the company started. And Antonio to, I would like you if you please could introduce yourself and talk a little bit about university as well. That would be great. OK. Thank you very much for being here. The invitation was uh very nice for us. We can see the University of the U P F. We are very proud of the lexis. The, we used to call compass. Now it's compas, wow, if you uh if you, we ask for any students for computer science science there, uh where do you work? Ah, you work in compass then? Uh Alexis and all the team uh started this company. Uh I see you can see campuses that are distributed around the region and 12 academic units offering undergraduate specialization, master's doctorate and post doctorate courses. The infrastructure is a great differentiator. There are clinics, rooms for practical experimental teaching laboratories, amphitheater, auditoriums and libraries with hundreds of thousands of titles available both in physical and digital format. OK. This this is our universities, uh, uh, first university in now you have the 37 education institution there. It's, uh, it's, uh, there is, there are other people studying in this subject that we are discussing here. Uh, I, it's a nice university to, uh, I know that I, I look at the time and we have time here and, uh, of course, I invite all of you to, to visit us and I, I'm sure you have the best campus in Brazil. We think so. It's, it's a beautiful campus. I need to say that a, a few of, of you know, there and it's, it's really beautiful and we really appreciate to, for you to be here sharing your experience with us. We are part of U P F Park, the Technology Park there as well. Uh How many students study at U P F today? Yeah, we have thousands.