To redo it execute on it. And in like the marketing software business, for instance, one a feature that is very, very useful for marketers is like sending optimization being able automatically to know when to send and what to send to their customers through their preferred channel is very key for marketers. Once this is automated through marketers can now focus on really knowing what experience they want to send to the clients based on like a product launch or like through localization, like they have clients at this location and they want to target them based on their specific product or services, etcetera. Another thing that is very useful for marketers and that we are working on is text to something that's related to A I. So you type a text and it shows you directly generate, populates you an image for instance. So text two image. So let's say you are like a a major coffee company and I heard in Boston it is very cold right now. So I want to populate an image with people drinking warm coffee in Boston during in Boston during the winter, I text I write that on, on, on the web and and thanks to A I generate automatically an image of that that I can use in my email and directly send my communication. So as a marketer, I can be very nimble agile. I don't need to wait, you know, hours for the creative team to, you know, go back to me with, with this kind of image. So that's very important. Denver is text to templates as a marketer, you know, I want to create a specific email template or like a push template to send to, to make consumer same thing. I just type a text. Uh I would like a template with like two personalization field, two personalization fields. We have like a 3d image space, et cetera and it will generate the template uh automatically. So that's how uh you know, in that's the two trends that I'm seeing right now. A I and uh the person at scale. Beautiful. Thank you. Uh Next, we're gonna turn it over to uh uh if you have there we go. Everybody nice to be here. Uh It's, it's terrible to talk after everybody likes try. And my name is I work as the head of the architecture in the company has found the same, the two automated two payments in Brazil, we own 8% of the market. I think there's somebody from a here. Yes. And, and uh I, I, I've been working the last 15 years, I believe in technology. I joined uh technology by a chance, my father was an accountant. So I I I I stay very long, a long term uh waiting uh implementation of er P servers and systems. And I spent a lot of time with the guys from I T before I joined technology. Since then, I've been working on that. So uh I have specialization in completing the specialization in artificial intelligence this year. Also I have that expectation, sorry specialization and also a lot of knowledge in engineering. This is a design when now we are talking about and bringing it to context context of this panel is about the redesign and reshape. This is our plan for the next six years, 80 years. Considering we starting in 1919, the idea is to have a clear strategy about the what our applications if it deployment and deployment process, it is running in our company. I'm talking today only about Brazil. But in 19, we have a lot of data center and on premises even in our office. Now we are moving at the co location also starting including increasing the cloud. And also we are moving our our components for micro services, our function of the services in several clouds. Our our also now our strategy is folks that in business A so I was explaining to my last week. So our the product challenge of the our agio and the scrum is inside technology. So it's a big challenge if you consider a G chain, bringing the product challenge is inside technology and not in the business. So we have a good partnership. And the important thing is this design here we change, don't know by each six months or only at least to keep aligned with the business every year. So we have a good view of the future. But for example, the exchange between Brazil and the dollar, keep us sometimes very hard to keep the costs related to putting the things in the cloud. So sometimes you have to reduce reshape our strategy. And to conclude, it is our current challenge like historic consumption system complexity, monoliths, duplicate code and new business and internal external. It is a basic of architecture that we are facing and some strategies that we are applying, applying. Uh again, we are talking about data in A P and in artificial intelligence, we are focusing and creating API S and creating data as a service like our strategy to, to growth and, and bring the more, more efficient for our our process. Excellent. Thank you. Um Next, we will turn to wonder meer wonder. There we go. I'm glad to be here. Thanks for the invitation. And uh I'm the CFO at um that's uh agribusiness companies that I am glad that I heard someone today talk about a little bit about and was talking about. Uh And uh I have been, I would say 35 years working in agribusiness, uh 32 years in some other company in the last three years to three years in, I have a lot of, in terms of uh lived abroad and have some kind of a perception, different lives in different places. And of course, it's always working in the finance area. That's my expertise from what I have been work, talk a little bit about. Uh is a company that is 35 years in Brazil. It's not a very old company. It's a young company. We are placed in the Center East and the Arch East and more a of Brazil uh with uh operation terms of agribusiness in terms of uh input in sales distribution that can cost assistance to the farmers we have right now. It's about 25 operate 25 branch operation in Brazil. We negotiated say import and sells with different places in the world, specifically say Asia at most of those place. And we are Chinese company with 6% controls the shareholder of the company and the other 40% remain with local shareholders. I would say in Brazil. Uh it is important when you talk about, I would say it's uh agribusiness in Brazil. We have probably it's about today. It's about 100 and 50 million me, tons of soybeans and 100 and 20 million me tons of production of corn. When we do a connection between what we are in terms of proposing that what we are looking as living and connected. I would say our lives with sustainable production all over the world. I would say in, that's one of the values that we are looking for that we strongly work in the company and playing together because the point is we are not able to work. I would say alone, as I heard somebody else said before, in terms of you have a lot of things that you need from different places and make it happen. That's one point that we are looking to generate towards is the better results sustainable for the company. And for, I'd say the Agri business in Brazil. And uh in terms of digitalization, that's one of the process that is started, say it's about two years ago, uh I start to take a look and that is on my left side here. That's the way that we are seeing a today. And I would say on the right side is more when we look for the future. Uh how we are gonna get to say the digitalization information, we are looking forward to offer more kind of facilities, more agility to the customers. That's the end of the day. This is the one that we need to really support that the customers, that we need to create a relationship and maintain them. And there is a lot of things today that we want to make sure that we build those relationships and keeping those relationship with the with the customer. It is the other point is we want to bring, I say some kind of a more efficiency in terms of the agribusiness, the way that we are working, we need just to make a comparison, simple numbers here we feed it about a billion people. When we look for the size of Brazil operation that we have in Brazil. If we increase 1% in terms of the productions, in terms of the efficiency, we are going to be able to feed another 10 millions of people that makes a lot of difference. This is why we always mentioned that we want to create a sustainable results that also enhance the company for the growth of the company as well. Awesome. Thank you very much. Uh Next, I'll turn over to uh to Jean at C L S Group or CS L group. I got it right. Yeah, I did. Ok. Uh Go right ahead. So my name is Jean and I am a geek. That's pretty much who I am. I'm the V P Digital of CS L Canada Steamship Lines. I've been a CTO CIO for 26 years. I've been in many different industries and I've built and sold three businesses in tech. Uh CS L is a near shore dry bulk shipping company. We have over 75 ships around the world. Those long bulk ships that you see um near the shore that don't do containers, right? We don't, we don't do that. We do all the bulk stuff that's inside. So we carry salt, sugar, grain, minerals, coal rocks, everything that uh and we have cell phone loaders. It's the largest fleet of cell phone loaders in the world, which essentially is uh conveyor belts that bring the stuff from the hold all the way out onto the shore. Right. So that's who we are. And what we do, the maritime industry is notoriously backwards in technology. Notoriously, I was an automotive for seven years before and I thought I had hit the bottom of the barrel. I was wrong. Uh Maritime is worse because they don't need tech you put in uh the stuff into the hole, you go to the next port, you take the stuff out, you get paid, everybody's happy. And so as tech people come along and say, we can optimize you, we can optimize you and that's what we want to do, right? And so we want to talk about optimization, we talk about A I and what A I can do for us. And like Amy was saying there's a lot of hype versus what the reality is and the hype is easy to think about those kind of robots that will do everything for us. The reality is actually a lot more painful. Um and a long winding road uh like like like a so benefits of A I for us are multiple. Once we get there, we can safely do predictive maintenance on the parts of a ship, right? So the parts of the ship, we acquire the right data. We don't change the parts of the ship that the O E M tells us to change it every two years or every three years. We know exactly when that part is going to fail and we can change it before it fails. That's an enormous cost savings for us. We can also maximize our ship capacity every time we load one more ton, we make more money. It's as simple as that. We can also change the market, the pricing that we do based on market fluctuations in real time with our clients. The biggest one and the one that we're actually starting with now is uh calculate fuel efficiency and make sure that our route is as optimized as possible to spend the less amount of fuel, which is our biggest cost, right? And we also switch to biodiesel fuel on our Canadian fleet. So for you E S G people, we are 100% biofuel, which is really cool at CS L. So it's almost like I'm not done back. Thank you. It's almost as if we're trying to build a ways for ships when there are no roads, right? But you have tons of different variables like the weather, like the draft under the ship, like the waves and everything that goes around it. And at the end, we also want to improve our scheduling and our dispatch, what it is that we're doing. So A, I can do a lot for us. It can really transform this 150 year old company CS L is 150 years old uh to something that goes into the future. But before we do that, we actually have to go through a very painful digital transformation process like Amy was saying. So the next slide, this is our road map and I built the Maritime Innovation road map that I'm presenting to the different government levels and to our competitors as well. And our partners around the world, we want them to follow this kind of road map in shipping. You first start with the business case and the use cases and identify all the variables that affect what's going to be your A I. Later on. Then you got to start thinking of your data sources. Where is that data going to come from? Well, you got third party sources, you got your own personal business applications inside it, which are legacy applications and you got to change and there's a whole process there. And then you got to create digital twins like Amy was talking about we're in the process of doing that. We have 2000 different sensors, we have 2, 2000 points of data every five seconds for each one of our ships, right? That's a lot of data coming in, creating a digital twin and then you can do edge computing to start doing a lot of the work on, on board the ship before you send it out onto, onto the satellite. Then you got to think about connectivity, you've got all that data onto the ship. But then you got to think about bringing it into the cloud and ships are mobile manufacturing plants essentially. And the problem that we have is that we don't have a fiber plugged into the ship where we could just send out our data. We got to rely on satellite and we got to rely on optimizing that very precious bandwidth that we have. And then you got crew members that want to watch Netflix, right? And so you're competing with that, I'm I'm saying Netflix because I don't want to see the other stuff they want to watch. Right. Right. Yeah, we get it and then there's L T E and five G, right? And so, but that's the connectivity part. Once you've got the connectivity part, you got to go on to the cloud and you gotta be have a solid cloud infrastructure. Now, most of the maritime companies aren't even on the cloud yet. And I saw your slide how you're going on to the cloud? That's fantastic. Um They're still on prem, right? So how are you going to do the rest and go on to A I when you're, you're still on prem managing your servers literally in the basement of your I T guy because you didn't think it was important. Yeah, you can't do that. So you got to go into cloud architecture and then you got to secure that data, right? So you're gonna start thinking about all the cybersecurity stuff that you gotta do and make sure that you don't get hacked and we'll talk a little more about the security. After then you got to ingest the data and redo your whole data architecture to be able to acquire these data sources, to be able to analyze them. Later on, we're working with Avenue Code Compass Company to redo our whole data architecture into a lake house. And then you got to do governance, you got to make sure that data stays clean, right? And then you got to map the data into something that is a shareable language with the rest of the industry. Um And then you got to report that data. So we have two types of reporting real time reporting for the captain and crew on the ship to know exactly where they are positioned. So they can do ballast which is release their use water and where they can and can't do tons of different regulations there. Um And then you got to analyze and do the bi and the business intelligence. And then you can start thinking of machine learning and to start building learning patterns on the fuel and what it's doing. And then you can do Federated machine learning and then years down the line, you can start thinking about a I and where it is that you're going. And then the dream in our industry anyways is electric, autonomous ships where you have a lot less crew on the ship and they're electrics will let no fuel and they drive themselves. That's the dream, the utopia eventually one day. But before we get to that, there is all these steps that we got to do. And so next slide when we look at everything that's needed for an autonomous ship, it starts with the data sources that we got in the back and what the business cases are and what it is that we're doing. So that's the message that I um I echo and I, I um I repeat what, what Amy said um digital transformation to get to that shiny new object. There's a lot of different unsexy steps that got to be done before you get to the sexy part. Right? Excellent. Thank you very much. We'll turn over to Jason from the trigger. Hi, everyone. I'm Jason Jim. I'm the CEO of Trigger X R. Um We're actually, we can go to the next slide. We're actually the world's most experienced X R agency. So 300,000 hours uh we focus very much on uh some key industries. So entertainment is big for us. So we did uh A R for Star Wars Spiderman uh Jurassic last year, Avatar uh on the sports side, actually, we uh won a gold clio for this uh Pepsi project uh for the halftime show with R G A. Um We work with many other sports leagues as well. On the Commerce side, Starbucks is a big client of ours. Actually, we're, we're working with the Web Three Loyalty program and using a R uh as A as actually a game and also a benefit for the consumers. And then on the enterprise, we work with many automotive companies. So Honda, we work with our advanced design team to executive review of future vehicles. And then with Nissan, actually, we're using kind of more nearer term headset, UX prototyping for the future consumer experience, let's say in the back seat of the car, um our platforms, we cover all the A R platforms uh across the board. Um You know, we were very early in this space. So uh it's been 100% focused on X R since 2016. So um we are the first uh agency to create a snap lens outside of snap. We're the first to commercialize web A R. Uh We're a big partner of uh and then on the MD side, actually, the logo is missing. Um We're a big Qualcomm partner. So I'll talk about that a bit. Uh next slide. Uh So some of the clients across all the uh industries, I think that the clear thing here is just that the, the broad application of X X R for us. Uh We really think that it is uh it will, it will be the experiential and visual layer for computation in the future. Um So, if you think about A I as the brain R is how you're gonna see it and experience uh that in uh all that content next slide. Um So a couple of trends uh A I and X R. So a few months ago, we were uh I met with Alexis and we were talking about uh we were using mid journey for the first time for a pitch for Coachella actually. Um And it was like the first time we used mid journey to win a pitch for Coachella. I think that was like late summer, last year. Uh And now every single one of our projects, we are using some sort of generative I A I at the pitch phase. Um We don't use it to create the final product. Uh It's only for the ideation phase inspiration. Uh quickly get visuals in front of a client for the, for the, for the final work, we will, you know, actually build it from scratch. Um On the end product side, this is what's actually uh the consumer can see. So in the upper left, uh with Verizon, we're doing AAA virtual assistant that's uh volumetrically captured, then turns into a complete synthetic human with a, a digital voice and then also uh uh A I back end for A and A actually with Compass. There's a Roblox project right now where we are uh this will be the first commercialization of, of an, of A I in Roblox with uh characters for retail. So you can actually interact with characters in a retail environment. Uh It will be for alpine electronics uh where you can actually um talk to the characters and uh they will push you down towards a like a sales funnel but full conversation. Um other places where A I tools are super important on the on the consumer side is actually what the camera sees. So it's an understanding of the world around you. So not only like conversation and information, but the camera and the app is actually knows what the person is doing in front. So on the left, uh this Avengers project, there's hand tracking, there's body tracking, there's the first time using uh snaps M L library. So this is a partnership with Disney Google Snap and actually Verizon because it only worked on five G phones. Uh The middle one is uh Jurassic. So this is with my um so this is the first time using semantic understanding. So the camera actually understands the scene it's looking at and gives you the dinosaur that fits in that scene. So you need a big enough space, it sees the sky, it sees trees, it sees, it sees grass and the the dinosaur will behave depending on what the environment is around you. And then on the, on the bottom, right is um uh with our partner in world. It's an A I um uh chat persona solution. This is the first web A R uh application of that. So, uh and then the other, the other thing that we think is a big trend for us in the near future is everything moving to H MD. So we know this is a little further away for consumers ultimately, but all the big players were kind of prepping that step now. And how do you combine that with A I as like the brain? So on the left, one thing that, that came out of kind of all this work in H MD on the client side, on the right is that authoring and the design also has to have different tools. So we are on the left. Those are examples of actually designing and sketching in, in headset versus doing it in two D and then transferring it to headset because it doesn't actually translate as well. So it's much faster if you design in actual on headset and then on the right are examples of like uh uh H MD applications right now. So the funny that Amy talked, talked about cooking on the upper left. That's a Qualcomm cooking project where we're taking, we're able to ingest a million recipes and be able to show it in, in A R. Uh The one on the upper right is actually with the Honda. So this is a visualization of, of uh L A in 2040 there's still a bunch of traffic that didn't get fixed. Um But, uh that experience is full, mixed reality with the Haptics with a six off seats with wind machines, with smell machines. Um On the bottom left is a Verizon project for the NFL where we're teaching um, a playbook for the players. So imagine you have a linebacker if they improve their retention of a, of the playbook right now that they're seeing as a binder about, about this thick, just paper binder that, that performance can translate to scoring on the team. And that's a huge um monetary lift for the entire team. And then on the bottom right is another qual project. This is with Duran, Duran, if you guys are Duan Rand fans where we're kind of reinventing the music, music engagement experience for fans. So that's awesome. All right, uh We're gonna turn over to Ivan. Hello, Michael. Hi, everybody. It's a pleasure to be here with you guys today. So I'm Yvonne. I'm CEO from Web web Jump is uh part of the group compas now and we are the uh I, I am the technology, love lover, always like technology. So I'm very exciting about, about this uh happening right now with the world and our transformation that we are living. So uh about Web Web Jam is uh Adobe partner. So we work with Adobe in the last uh 13 years uh developing e-commerce in Brazil and around around the world. So we are responsible to build the bigger uh B to B commerces in Brazil and in Latin. And right now we are working with the entire suite of Adobe and, and all personalization at scale that Adobe can offer for us. So in the next slide, so uh we are a company driving by, by innovative engineering. So at the beginning I already was, was a software engineer and working in the project. So right now, um we are guiding here together uh uh this uh transformation with Adobe. So next slide for you about a dob experience cloud portfolio. So we uh are very specialized in in e-commerce development. But we also work with all products from uh since target analytics and, and audiences and marketing tools. So uh we are right now expanding our operation to work here in the United States with our uh brothers company that works here uh which is part of the group that is content thread. We are working together in the same portfolio Adobe portfolio. And I, when I, when I talk about technology, I, I am the guy that believes in the in the good side of a, a general Jen or only in a A I believe that it's a technology that is coming to help us to be better and to help us to fix a problem that we have today. We we suffer a lot with COVID in the pandemic, uh be with missing people to work in our, in our business. And I think that with the, the gen A I, we can, we can be more productive and we can delivery projects faster than before. And then we are capable to, to fix this problem that, that there is uh people missing in the world and ready to, to develop projects. And, and that is that is why he No, no, this is what I believe. So I think that is, this is time to use the technology advantage more than ever to accelerate our businesses and we need to continuous learning and understand which is this power of technology that a a can, can bring for us to transform the world? Excellent. All right. So thank you all for sharing. I, I, we had been talking and hearing what they're all working on, I thought was really cool. And so um I actually had a question for you Arthur that was really related to what we were talking, what Amy was talking about, which is the idea of automation. And A I uh my question for you uh I wrote uh is it going to replace our jobs in the future or create new ones? It could also be, is it a dystopian future or is it a utopian future? Right. And I'd like to hear kind of your uh your take on that. Thank you. Uh Yes. So to, to me, uh it's not gonna replace job uh to me A I and especially uh what we are working on is to eliminate uh task that can be automated, right? So to free up time for uh marketers for uh creative people to really focus on, on, on the creativity, right, on the creativity for creative people and like delivering meaningful experience for your consumer if you are a marketer. So it's really, you know, being able to type a text and then you have like a beautiful image that you can reuse. Um you still need the brain of a creator to, to type the text and then like work a little bit on the image, uh take out something of the image um And especially on.