Students today. And uh but you graduate more than 100,000 and all levels in undergraduate, graduate and high school that you have a school there. Wonderful. So I think uh a lot of information here, we really appreciate uh to you being with us. And I would like now to move forward to our, to our friend, Vanessa from group aim and Vanessa. If you could please introduce yourself and talk a little bit about group of a on education. Good morning, everyone. My name is Vanessa. I am responsible for the Digital Transformation in and I'm director now and uh uh we uh recently we decide to, to separate the this team and we car the team that to do a discovery and delivery uh for the journey of candidate and um support team and past uh 14 years uh in the Telecommunication in Vivo that have a colleagues here. Uh But uh um uh I have uh two, almost two years that I go to the anima group. It's uh talk about some little about the, the, the anime anime. It's um a group, a holding, a Biggie holding in Brazil uh that is uh have a lot of place next to the, the, the next line, please. Uh We believe that the people, the, the, the education is the only way to transform the country. Er, we believe that. So, uh in, in our case, the law of Brazil uh then uh from north of south, the place the next to present. Yes, it's possible to see how uh we are. Uh So we are in 12 states, more than 25 education brands, uh almost uh 400,000 students and uh uh many units across the country. Uh If I have Brazilian guys here and some brands that, you know, uh for example, uh H S M University Singularity University, like some are some, some brands that we have in our group. Uh So the next one please uh and is uh the our timeline uh is uh possible to see uh we start uh 2003 in is the first one uh uh education or Super superior educational. Uh And it's possible to see accelerate growth uh in, in our history. So until 2020 we uh just acquire uh in new institutions. And in 2021 uh we uh did uh a little big acquisition with a lot of group, that group care uh university N B B for example, and B P A lot of, a lot of group. So in 2022 we focus in integration of acquisition and in 2023 we expected to get the benefits uh of integration. Wonderful Vanessa. So for us to end this shorter panel, the question is, how about the efficiency challenges in the future of education? How do you see the relation among those? So about the efficient, uh it's the main agenda for us. Uh And after the accelerated growth, we needed a lot, a lot of decrease the costs for the, the the institutions have a lot of opportunities to have a more efficient process and system. And uh uh and more, uh I have an another side, the possibility to have new revenues because today, uh the sign up fees is our principal revenue to today today. But it's possible to have another revenues in another, in another way. And uh uh and one year that we have less investment, we will need to uh better our choice. So, uh this is important now and about uh the future of education, we stood about the macro attendance of education in Brazil. So, uh I, I bring you four points here, uh to, to say a, a little bit. So the, the first one, we believe that the distance of learning is not possible to do a student, to have a, just a diploma just at the end of the course. Uh we believe that it's important to the, the student to have um a little certifications during the course and uh as soon as possible to close to the work world. So it's very important to have this, this, this this time. And another point is about it's not possible anymore uh to do to deliver uh portfolio at the same time, at, at the same, the same place at the same, the same person because uh it's important to bring a need with our portfolio for the people. Uh It is not possible anymore deliver the traditional presidential uh uh knowledge. So, and the, the last one point that we believe uh it's about uh quality of academic education because uh just with quality, we think uh uh it's possible to have a differential with a concurrence. And uh it's uh we believe that is the key to as a nation as well. Wonderful Vanessa to Pablo Santiago. Thank you so much. And applause for the speakers here, please. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Take a picture. So while we are taking the picture here, I would like to already uh invite Gary the next moderator with Anna from Pepsico Marcus from Nestle Jeb from me, Marco from sewage, Paul from Telefonica Vivo and Pon from. It's a crazy, it's a crazy thing. Time moving forward, nonstop, second by second meeting, by meeting time tick talk. There it goes for you. Time may be flying for compass. It is speed of lightning because we are leading the disruption. Good afternoon everybody. It's great to see you. I really want to start by just thanking compass for putting together this incredible event and inviting us all here, all of our clients and partners. It really is a special opportunity and also to be here at the Harvard Club. My name is Gary Haman. I'm the Chief revenue officer and co founder of Edgy Labs. We are a state of the art enterprise SE O company, really focused on driving organic traffic on the web with artificial intelligence and implementing sophisticated strategies for our clients and partners, which are some of the largest in the world and really pleased that many of them are here today with us Artificial Intelligence as we've talked about today is really transforming the way that we work live and learn with advancements in machine learning, natural language processing and computer vision. It's really being developed into something that can handle highly complex tasks in terms of day to day. I think everybody is embracing A I A lot of us have smart home devices like Siri Alexa and Google home that are controlling our lights and making our homes more energy efficient. We're even going to talk a little bit in a moment about how A I is working on our freeways and our air traffic control systems by making those flows more efficient as well. Also, artificial intelligence is changing the way that we learn and implicating the education system, the way that people acquire knowledge, study, the way that platforms are providing very personalized tutoring and guidance and really allowing Children and people to learn more effectively and efficiently the benefits of A I are tremendous. But there are also some major concerns about the negative impacts on society. For example, job displacement in certain industries where artificial intelligence might be taking away different jobs in human capital. There's also negative implication of A I being misused in the wrong hands. And I think that it's a very fascinating but very complex topic. I think we all have a societal duty to ensure that it's developed with the right ethical standards and principles of fairness, accountability and transparency. Now, I'm very pleased to welcome this incredible panel. And what I'd like to do is start with Anna if you please introduce yourself. Sure, thank you. Thank you. Hello, everybody. One more Brazilian freezing in this environment. So I, I relate a lot with the comments before me. So uh first of all, my name is Anna Flu. Uh I've been with Pepsico for the last night. Well, actually, this year is gonna be my 10th anniversary. Um So very happy to be here and thank you very much for inviting me. Um Before that I was working consulting, I've done almost 20 years uh in managing consulting uh in both companies I B M and Price for House Coopers. Um And obviously, Papic was one of my customers, one of my clients. So I changed, you know, from one side to the other side and uh love, love the experience. Um I think that's it. Yeah, Marco will you please introduce yourself? Yes. First of all, it's a big pleasure to be here with the brillant minds and the high level professionals. It's so good. It's very nice. I'm Marcos. Everyone call me tail. It's more easy. If you call me Marcos, I think that I got a mistake and this probably it's my wife correcting me. No. Uh I, I, I haven't been working in 20 years in the Brazil in the sales. I work the customer management, radio marketing employees, the strategy engage about the sales teams. At this year. I complete 15 years old in the and across my career in the nestle, I have the opportunity to pass for the three team positions in all the countries, the regions for the Brazil in all the categories, you know, the channels. And currently I am a sales director for e-commerce in the sales division for Brazil, responsible for the B two B and B two C strategy. And uh it's uh I think that's my background. Awesome. I wanted to start just with our first question. Obviously all today we've been talking about generative A I and artificial intelligence and it really has incredible capabilities. But I think what's so important is how is it really affecting your business and your industry probably in the next 12 months? What's around the corner that you can see? Yeah. Uh So I forgot to mention I lead I T for Latin America at Pepsico. I forgot to mention my, my function there. Um So I think let's start with a little bit of the of what is Pepsico, right? So I hope I don't have to explain much and I think most of you have had the experience of tasting or, or drinking one of my products. So we are uh one of the leading companies in foods and beverages. And we actually have some iconic brands like, you know, Lace, Doritos, Tostitos um in Latin America, we also have some local brands. So for my friends here from Latin America uh and also Elma ships in Brazil, Quaker, Gatorade, Pepsi Cola for sure, Mountain Deal and others. So I'm sure uh each one of you have already experienced some, some of our products and I hope had had been a very uh good experience. So uh this is Pepsico, it's a global company. Um You know, we are scattered around basically all the countries in Latin America, it's over 30 countries. Um And our ambition is to become more and more intelligent company as we all want, right? Um Our digital transformation strategy goes from what we call the consumer all the way back into a not many people know, but we are very much into agro business because our products are food, food and beverage. So we need the agricultural side of the business. So what we have been doing is actually uh applying artificial intelligence to most of our actually to the entire value chain of our company. And as I mentioned first, starting with consumers, why consumers? Because we are a consumer centric company, we live and breathe the consumers. So what we need to do there because consumers are becoming more and more digital, more demanding, they are you know, asking for better products, for more availability of our products and we need to you know, fulfill those demands. And in that sense, we have to first of all understand the consumers. So I think you were men a lot about consumer. I loved your statement of saying, we have to understand we have to map their behaviors to understand what we need to do as a company. And this is what we are trying to do, applying, you know, technology to better understand consumer behaviors and be able to map it inside and see what we need to do to fulfill those needs and, and those consumers are demanding. As I mentioned, better products, better products mean we have to have higher quality in our products. How do we do that? Then it's the second stage of my value chain. I have to go inside and see how we can create the perfect Cheetos. How do we make a perfect Cheetos? Anyone here would guess what is needed to make a perfect Cheeto. What flavor, what else? The time of cooking maybe. Yes, exactly. Crunch what else we, you as a consumer would value freshness. Absolutely. There's a ton of you know, characteristics that are needed for us to make this perfect product, the product that the consumers want to consume and they love the brands and they love the product, not all only about brands, it's about the product quality. And so for that, interestingly, there's many, many parameters or settings that we have to, you know, manage inside a factory, inside a manufacturing plant. And this means a lot of, you know, machines and a lot of knowledge from our, you know, operators, our plant operators. So what we are doing is really trying to bring this knowledge into technology. So we can consistently and that's the name, consistently create the perfect s or the perfect las. And that means really to have precision into the manufacturing process. And this is what we are trying to do with artificial intelligence. So we augmenting our workforce in a way that we have better information, better insights and a better, a better manufacturing process. So this is one side that solves for the product quality. But one of the key aspects of the product is also the ingredients. So I didn't mention ingredients, but ingredients, which means raw materials are really necessary and we have to seek for quality. And this is where the side of the business is coming uh along because as you might imagine, we have many different countries with different climates, with different, you know, um even agricultural uh practices. And that gives us a lot of diversity into the environment where we actually source our main raw materials. So what we need to do is also to apply and we have been doing that applying our, you know, technologies and A I in particular to understand the soil, to manage our crops, to start having a better, you know, vision of how we are getting the best quality of our raw materials. But I did not mention two important things about the manufacturing process and the sourcing process. It's not only about quality of our products and raw material, but it is also about better managing the use of resources. So when I come to my factory, I want to see the optimized way to consume utilities. We don't wanna overspend. On the contrary, we want to be very conscious. So this is the other side of our strategy at Pepsico. It's not only about fulfilling my customer, but it's also about making good things for the planet, you know, managing the the natural resources in a very responsible way and also in the agro, it's not only about getting the best raw material for my product in terms of quality, but it's also about leveraging technology to better manage the use of natural resources, water fertilizers, anything that I can that I have to do in my agricultural business needs to be very responsible. And this is what we call re regenerative agriculture because we, we want the planet to be good enough for us to live here. So those are the three pillars where I can, you know, leverage where we are leveraging technology to, you know, uh get the better product and fulfill my customer and consumer needs. Last, but not least we have our people. It's not only about consumer Centricity, it's about employee experience and employee Centricity. So we are also leveraging, you know A I and technologies to get best experiences to our employees. We want to empower our people in a way that they can be more creative, more productive and feel good about working at Pepsico. We have a, a very, very uh you know, deep responsibility to create a better environment for our people inside Pepsico as well. And technology is helping a lot that thank you ta if you'll tell us your perspective, uh working with Nestle and in your industry, how you think A I will be used in the next 12 months. Yes, I would like to break down to share the two dimensions, two topics about the infrastructure that you have the A I for the next 12 months. The first is about the communication. It's about all the platforms that you have to engage the teams to engage all the chain that you have. Imagine in the industries like food and beverage, you have farms, you have all the ecosystem about the manufacturing, you have a supply chain support all the chain, you have a promoter, team, sales teams, brands, teams and you have many people involved to bring the products for the farms, for the table of the food, for the people. And I think that's intelligence artificial, it's a big opportunity to sustain in coordination the information. You know the channel, imagine support agri support for the farmer. Imagine support about the merchandizing for execution in the stores. Imagine support about the communication for the sales team. We have 10,000 people involved in the sales team in the chain in the Brazil. If you have, if you can to coordinate all the strategy for communication in the best way and then to find each party of the channel. For me, it's very important for the months to understand. It's not only communication, it's not all information, it's coordinating and U I to produce for each party, each employee the best information since for him. And another topic is about the predictability. The forecast. You need a very varied data. Everybody talked about data, the data, it's a principal. But what, what can I do? What can I use the data? We have very important part about the data. Its about the intelligence official for produce predictability results. We can't choose reviews. We can view have a forecast about what's happened with my sell out in the two next month. I have information about the campaign promotion. I have information about the weather. I have information about the price about my K P I for execution. I have had I have knowledge in the, what's the way to the sales if you put all these informations in the big data and don't working to improve, to identify the relationship that you have in the different variables that you have in the process. It's that matter. It's important to coordinate the information and join the results that I have for cost for, for forecast, for our results and produce the correct communication, our teams involved with this process. Thank you very much. Um I'd like to introduce you to our next Panelist uh from Thanks Gary. Um So I'm gonna keep the introduction short. We'll, we'll talk about the questions here uh very shortly after that. I actually am also from a warm weather climate. So I, I live in Hawaii, um lived in California for the longest time. Um working at large larger companies. It's kind of funny to hear people talking about 100 year old companies. Uh You know, I work for a startup which is 10 years old uh at best. So it's always a, a very different mindset when you kind of walk into that. Um is a um 3d A I company from, from its core computer vision at its very core. I actually asked Chad GB to write me a um uh speech. So, um if you go to the next slide, please, I think you might see that speech. I'm not gonna obviously read it to you, but I don't know, maybe the next one after that. Um And then the only other thing I'll tell you is like over time, over the last probably 15 years, I've spent time in machine learning, deep learning um across various companies from Google to Microsoft. If folks have used Google Analytics, um very proud of the work that the team did there. Um I also worked on youtube Long form media. I'm pretty sure most people have used youtube over the years. Um And that was fun uh to product ads, search uh natural language, understanding, pause there. And I believe you scanned this room uh a little bit earlier today. So maybe we'll see that work. I did scan the room so I I'll send it out uh in, in probably another hour here. So awesome. Thank you. Um I wanted to introduce you now to uh Marco from Sea Ridge. Yeah. Thank you, Gary. Thanks for the introduction. My name is Michael. I work for sewage technologies. I'm the V P of Technology for sewage technologies and just introduce the company a little bit. We're not a 100 year old company. We are a relatively small company, 75 people globally. And what we provide is computer systems for air traffic management and air traffic management is one of those industries that not a lot of people touch airlines is a different but air traffic management is really the people behind the scenes that direct air traffic that can be air traffic control officers staffed by organizations such as the FA or Canada and Canada for example. But it can also be airport operators and even airlines controlling the air and management of terminals or entire airports. What sewage really provides is a visual line of site enhancement. So we install CCTV around the airfield and we provide that visual information to the controllers in order for them to do their job more effectively or from a remote location. So it could be controlling the airport from 500 kilometers away at a more convenient location for your staff. Or it could bring like what we do in Hong Kong, controlling a third runway, which the controller is no longer conceived from the tower using digital technology. And the company was founded in 2006. We were the first ones to bring operational video into a control tower and also the first ones to operationalize A I in an airport. And now we're owned by NATS which is the UK based air navigation service provider controlling all the air space at 14 towers in in the UK. Personally, as a V P of technology, I'm responsible for all of our software development, making sure we adhere to all the safety standards and also our technology, road map and, and and accountable for achieving that five year road map vision as a pilot by the way, Mark is my hero. So definitely uh so JJ, I wanted to ask you many schools are banning the use of A I chat GP T and other forms of artificial intelligence. I think what we've seen and I know I've learned from my Children who are now, you know, young adults, you have to embrace new technology, just like we had to embrace social media, definitely has positive positives and negatives. What do you think are some of the boundaries that we need to put in place so that kids can use artificial intelligence productively to learn more effectively. Um I don't know if there are boundaries that I can think of. Just for the moment. To me, this is the equivalent of saying, you know, 600 years ago, we should ban books because everything should be said from, you know, word of mouth and you should only learn from the teacher and that's the only way to go about it. So I feel like there's a version today of um you know, asking a question 20 years ago, 25 years ago, Google came around and search became, you know, kind of democratized for everybody. You could go in and search for something. Um To me GP T is or large language models is, is the next generation evolution of being able to say, hey, by the way, don't just search or don't make me search, give me an answer that is a little bit more comprehensive at the end of the day, like make a judgment call, you the system is making a judgment call on your behalf. Um so to speak. So um that's just the general broader sense of the uh of the picture. But the part that I think is important is education will have to evolve. There is no way to now say that. Did you get the right answer by researching it yourself or did you just get the answer? Did you ask the person next to you to say, hey, give me an answer and you wrote it down no different than today. You're just asking Chad GP T as your next buddy over. If you look at a lot of the co pilot copilot type affairs office has a copilot now, github has a co pilot. I think you announced a copilot in Aws compas has a copilot compass. Has a co pilot. Everybody has a copilot, right? So how do you actually solve that problem? Um In, in