As Claudia said, they want everything in real time, they want that personalized experience. So how are we using A I to help them there? In addition to that A I can, you know, we can work with customers to help reduce fraud. You know, one of the things that we obviously see is the number of cyber attacks that have increased over the last decade, you know, as more and more of spend goes online and e commerce increases so to do fraud attempts. So we use A I from a cyber standpoint to reduce fraud. And then we just look at things like attrition, how we can help to optimize portfolios so that, you know, you know, how many card holders are falling out of the funnel and how many you have to kind of drop back in to ensure that you, you know, you have a profitable portfolio. So A I is a very powerful tool for us. And as we always do, we look at the lens of our customers and our partners and say, how does A I help them? How does it optimize, how does it protect their assets and how does it grow their base. Thank you. I'm always a bit more skeptic. I come from an M L background. So I don't, it's, it's, it's sometimes if you not into that, it's hard to separate what's magic, what's possible or not. And I think that's the biggest challenge today is trying to understand where A I can actually help which tasks are actually good. Um, a good fit for that and others that are not. Um Yes, there was a lot of development, especially the past few months with, you know, large language models. Um I think we're still trying to understand uh where those things will be better applied. Uh There's a lot of tests, a lot of new tools being developed, you know, there's AWS tools, you know, there's a bunch of other competitors working on that uh on my space. I think we're, yeah, definitely a recommendation for sure. That helps. I think there's um automation of basic functions, you know, your call centers. Hey, maybe you can do something better with that. Um uh On my side, developer tools, there's a lot of um development of improvement of development tools. So you can make your developers, you know, help your developers deliver code faster, you know, instead of going to your stack overflow, copy and paste, which is, you know, what everyone kind of does when they, they start their careers, um enable them to actually work faster and we raise the bar too. Um on what you expect from an engineer, I think doing basic boilerplate things um might not exist in a few years. So people will be able to focus on the more complex things and things that hey, you know, humans are actually better at that certain problem solving and boilerplate things, procedural things. Hopefully we can automate all those things and you know, but we're still years ahead of that. I think at least. Thank you. Thank you so much. This has truly been a great learning moment. I appreciate you taking the time to, to speak to us today. We still have a few minutes and I would like to open to the audience to ask any questions. They might have no takers had their coffee. You need to send the gift card in. Yeah. So we need to start sending gift cards in. Exactly if there are no questions for the uh to to the Panelist, we will close the panel then a few minutes earlier. Thank you so much for your time. Thank you so wonderful. Thanks to all the, it was a great discussion and looking into a is really something on top on the top of our agendas right now. Everyone here, I'm sure is discussing a lot about that. So now I would like to introduce the next panel. Uh after that, we will have a coffee break. So uh I would like to call here uh invite to come to the stage uh Del Harris from Conrad uh Terry Brown from British Petroleum Patricia Manguel from a uh Diego from pipe uh Leonardo from gold from a uh Brittany from Donaldson in Ada. From Puerto. Please join the stage. It's a crazy thing. Your time looking for. Good morning, good morning, nonstop. Second. My second meeting by meeting time took talk. There are gums for you. Time may be flying for compass. It is speed of lightning because we are leading the disruption of how software is built using our artificial intelligence assisted platforms, artificial intelligence or to save time A I has turned our great developers into super great developers. It unlocked our power to deliver more, better faster. It has made us exponential for us A I means the most transformative technology of our lifetime for you. It means gaining the most valuable thing in the world tick. How much time will you save for your business today? What's the north for disrupting digital compass? U O L A I assisted software engineering. Good morning. I'll say it again. Good morning. There you go. Give me the energy. Thanks me. Thank you. Thank you. Uh We have an excellent panel today. Uh Today's topic is people and culture, unlocking digital success. And we understand that people are the lifeblood of the business. I'm sure it's near and dear to all of our panelists hearts here. And so what I've asked them to do is to formally kind of introduce themselves and the format of the panel is, they'll introduce themselves first, talk a little bit about their background and then we'll jump right into the questions starting with you Luis. So, first of all, thank you for, I mean, it's an honor to be here, Alexis. Thank you for the invitation. Uh Well, I'm an economist and I, I worked with marketing for the, for the whole life, which doesn't have too much of a connection with that. Uh I've been through Gillet proton Game and be and Ticket. Then I opened my own agency and now I'm joining the portal. Uh portal is an insurance. It used to be an insurance company for 78 years. And now we are transforming that to an ecosystem. Uh We used to say that Amazon sells things that you can get with your hand and we take care of everything you can get with your heart. So basically we take care of your family, healthy uh your properties and everything that you can build for the family. So that's a bit about what am I doing uh there. Uh After economics, I'm I, I've, I've done several other stuff but the main thing is work hard, right? So that's me. Thank you. Thank you, Diego. Hi guys. Um Sorry, I'm freezing out. I'm from an island in Brazil, close to the northeast. So I lived for 30 years in front of the beach and uh in this island. So this is fucking code for me today. But it's ok. Uh, we can cut it out for the video but, uh, I work with, uh, all my life. Um, I'm a, I'm a programmer since I'm 12. And, uh, I'm this kind of guy that said that we will never work with human beings and choose to work with computers. You know, I remember that. Maybe I used the world, the world, the world. Uh, I hated people but I'm not saying that right now. But uh it's funny that uh for a decade, I am uh building software and products, digital products um through people, you know, by leadership them. And I love that now I don't have people anymore. And uh I love the way uh incentives and purpose uh creating culture makes really good, great results, you know. But uh I work at pick pay. Uh I'm the first uh employee. In fact, I'm the first engineer uh at pick pay. And uh I work with Martin that just was just here. Um And we are one of the largest banks in Brazil. Uh We are, we were a digital wallet and payment solutions in Brazil, but now you are a bank and sell credit and a lot of products. We are in retail, in the marketplace. And uh all we do is solving problems. Uh we are, we are not tagging ourselves as, as a bank or a payment institution. We like to solve problems. And uh this is what I'm passionate about Um And I lead people, mostly tech people through this journey of building this great products that has more than 70 million users, more than 70 million clients in Brazil. Uh It's a large country, it's a large number even for Brazil. Uh because it's almost a double of largest bank in Brazil, you know. But uh yeah, I'm a software engineer and V P of engineering uh now working uh with new products and open finance and thank you, Leonardo. Good morning, everybody. Uh Thanks for having me, Dale and, and all the, all the, the person I'm Leonardo Garcia. Uh I'm a tech professional in the last seven years. I'm working with digital and the commerce platforms in each achieves in the pharmaceutical sector. Uh So, uh our digital transformation uh happens at the same time that we had a high demand for our products. Uh So, uh we had to structure our transactional systems at the same time that we are creating value to our clients. Uh We have an internal code uh here in, in, in my team which means that uh get, get things done is better than perfect. Uh Because we need to, to, to have the things uh better. And uh after that, you can uh work in the evolution of our products uh in the our digital products. Our main focus is empower uh our sales representatives. Uh They are key to our organization uh because they are close to our clients and uh empower this, this role. Uh This team is key to our organization. Has the, has the results, uh its plane, plane, the results. Uh So that's it. Thank you, Patty. Hello. Hello, good morning everyone. First of all, thanks for Compass to invite us special er, Everton to invite me. Uh I'm a science and computer too. I don't remember who else who is a science computer. Uh I have more than 30 years working with technology 25 for these years. I specialize in taking care of people. Uh taking care and leading teams is the really uh way that I focus to have a really passion in technology. I passion to take care. Uh I have a great and a bigger team in Brazil. We are responsible for operations, infrastructure, develops area telecom and the user uh platforms. And I hope that I don't forget any anyone uh talk a little bit about a, we are a leader in our market in financial market focused on benefits. We have more than 7, 1700 a establishment applied with us more than 10 million, 10 million customers. Consumers. We have two business units is the first one is based on mobility business. We are the second uh place now and is uh our little baby. They are only two years and it's focused on um delivering food market especially in takeaway. I have two Children, Amanda and Gabriel. And they are the reason um to wake up early to be happy and smile for them every day. Thank you. I love it. Thank you, Julio. Good morning. Thank you for the opportunity to be here with you guys. Uh Very, very special moment. Um So I'm Julio Mariano. I'm CEO from, he's a credit assisting of credit unions in the south part of Brazil. We have uh 13 credit unions that is part of the system. We are in the most uh 90 cities different uh in the south of Brazil. I'm more than 30 years of experiencing technology before I lose. I work at for more than 20 years. Uh This is our, the, the picture of our central. We have more than 1.5 million of associates and one of our credit unions has more than 70 years. Uh We have a total deposits, more than three billion of dollars and uh credit operations, more than 2.6 billion. Um We have a strong uh process or program of digital transformation that you are running for the last two years and we expect it to finish in the next three years. We are changing our card, banking and a lot of systems that are related to that. As a credit union, we have all this out the process or all the features of a bank and we need to do this integration about the ecosystems that we need to improve. So we are right now doing pilots, we are in production with a small group of users. And we expect to spend this pilot for 6000 members of collaborations or employees of the system uh until the end of this year and to go to the 1.5 million off in the next two years. So it's uh a strong program that is uh related to people, for people. Technology is just the way to connect to that and we are looking the way to find the success doing that. Yeah, so thank you. Thank you. Good morning everybody. I won't complain about the weather because it's way colder in Minnesota right now. So I'm enjoying the heat wave from my perspective. Um But good morning everybody. My name is Brett Hawkinson. I manage global marketing technology for Donaldson company. We're an end to end filtration manufacturer, special in specializing in everything from on road diesel all the way to the membranes and the media technology that ends up going into things like your phone. Um So really run the gamut, starting to enter actually the life sciences markets as well. Um With Acquis acquisitions of companies like Solaris Pure Logics, um really heavy on that biotech side. Um I've been with Donaldson for about a decade now. A little scary. Um But specializing in digital transformation and the people and processes that go into it. Um We're super, super lucky we call out we've had content thread on board for that entire decade. Um Yeah. Right. I think that's pretty exciting. Um But I'll, I'll give you a little rundown. We've spent the last 10 years in constant digital transformation mode. So we've onboard five enterprise technologies from an Adobe standpoint, from experience manager to a marque implementation that's currently in process with a team of six. Wow, I'll also reiterate we're a $3.5 billion business. That's amazing. So this, this idea of working with efficiency, scalability A I generated task improvement. Things that are gonna help drive us all forward is super, super near and dear to our heart. But we're also a team that's highly processed, managed, works extensively with a partner because we don't have those skills in house. Um So for us content thread is really an extension of what our team does on a daily basis. There's not a single day where we're not going back and forth and moving forward. Um So I think one thing from my perspective that's really, really important when you're talking people process and culture is that you find partners and this was alluded to in the panel ahead, you find partners that really fit your culture and your style because engaging them just makes your overall team stronger. So, and again, I just wanna say we're super excited to have Donaldson as a customer. So thank you for that Britney. Now I'm Terry Brown and my uh business is uh it's I'm a communications consultant, so I have my own consulting business. It's called psychotics. And it's the psychology of analytics and we do data driven communications campaigns. And so it's all based on how much we can leverage technology. And it's really um important. My current client is B P and I've been with them for over a year and I work for the public affairs and government affairs office out of Washington DC. And it's interesting because a very large company, but it's a very small team. And one of the things that challenges us with our use of technology is talking to each other because it's a very matrixed organization with lots of different businesses. It's not just oil and gas, but we're in hydrogen and carbon capture and onshore and offshore wind and natural gas and solar. And these are businesses all over the world. So we are really looking to learn how to speak to each other more efficiently. Um And the way that I'm using technology for B P is really in targeting very small audiences of policy influencers working in government affairs. The company is very active in advocating for net zero policies which is not intuitive for an oil and gas company. But as we are transitioning into different energy uh industries, we are very actively trying to engage the government um for many different reasons. And so we have to be very efficient in how we use technology to target the right uh influencers. Thank you. All right. Thanks a lot. All right. So the format of today's panel is I'm gonna pose a question to each panel member, but what we wanted to do is make it a little bit more organic in the sense that the panel member will answer the question. And then we're asking each Panelist if they feel like based on their capabilities and expertise that they can also offer some expansion just as well. Does that work for you? All right. And it's gonna be interactive, don't worry about it. All right. So the first question is gonna be for Lu Luis Luis, since you're closest cause you passed, the only thing I ask it was not to be the first. Yeah, of course. Right. Hey, that's kind of how it works. You're closest, right? So the format again is I'm gonna ask each Panelist if you would talk a little bit about your digital journey and then from there, we'll go right into questions. So basically, I mean, I'm talking about Porto, we are 78 years old company, which means with 100 and 38 different products, 10 different units and three different business units which is healthy insurance and, and bank. So 12 th 12 million uh clients and a lot of legacy. So that's a nightmare. First of all, it's important to say, I mean, it's not like we've burned digital. I mean, we are digital. So when we talk about A I I mean, and you look to our data probably a I would quit. So, so the whole statement off the top way to go, that's the beginning of the journey. And the thing is that, I don't know who's here from Brazil. Wow, strong Brazilian, who knows who used to think that Puerto Seguro has only auto insurance. That's great. We are, we are evolving. I mean, normally, normally 9 80% of people up to 2020 New Puerto as an insurance company is a auto insurance company, a car insurance company. And now we have developed this concept of ecosystem with these three verticals of business. And this is all digital transformation. Actually, it's more than digital. It's a strategy that touches every point of the lifestyle uh since you were born to the dead. So basically, uh all the digital transformation are starting with the hard core, the hard part of tech. I mean, all the systems, we are building it. Uh Compass is helping us a lot because since we have, I mean, we do have an app, we call super app. It's becoming a super app, but it's an app right now. I mean, it's just where clients can see everything that they have. And we are going to to to really create together with Compass. We are creating a vito cycle within the app for the person to realize how important it is to plan and take care of their, their own lives. So what we say inside of the company is that every fintech dreams to have an ecosystem. We had, we used to have an ecosystem, we build an ecosystem during the last 78 years. Now, we have to, we need to have the point of sales. I mean, we just need to have the tech part of it. So we are in the 3rd, 3rd year of the program. We don't call a project because it's gonna be a long term pro program. And we've been, I mean, really successful. We started that we only nine million clients in three years, we became uh 13, almost at 12.7 and most of them with 100 and, and 30 products. We had normally up to 2020 we had 1.2 business per client. Now we have almost three, which means, I mean, we are our relationship with our client clients. So the the the the the Vito is working and of course, digitalization is helping us a lot with that always respecting the broker because as you know, I mean, brokering insurance differently, they here in the United States that you don't need to, they in Brazil, we have a regulation and we do need the broker. So they are all part of this ecosystem and which brings a big, more complexity to this journey. And it's been a lot of fun and I mean, a lot of challenge I had, wow, so complexity to the journey, right? So I know we talked about some things uh last week and then recently sitting before we came on stage and you mentioned about 75 years of legacy at Port. So this is a perfect segue for this first question. How do you conduct a digital transformation process in a company with more than 75 years of legacy? Yeah. And it's a successful legacy. I mean, it's a profit, profitable company. We grow. We've been growing for the last 30 years and it's hard when you go to someone that is growing uh successful and say that we have to do things differently. So we start uh uh I mean, we, we split the genre in, in three different steps. The first one is awareness, which is basically we have to agree that we have to, to go to that direction. And it was, it took around six months. It was, it was, I mean, we are 13,000 people plus 35,000 brokers. Uh And we, and the brokers is part of the company. They are part of the company. So it wasn't, it wasn't like a simple process, the awareness pro process. I mean, it was all about convincing people that this has to work and it involves hr it involves, it, it involves compliancy, it involves everything. So everyone. So it was, it was really deep. And the second one, I mean, it's the on boarding, I mean, which is preparing people for the move for sure. We have to take, we have to take care of people. We are an intro, our, our culture is basic uh is based on anthropology. So we do put people in the center. So it wasn't about only hire people from tech world. It was about preparing our people to, to became this. So it was more 1.5 years. So we do, I mean, the benefit of being successful, a successful company is that we had time and now we are implementing that now we are in the phase of putting things out nice. All right. So then let's move into question number two and then we'll move on to Diego. So question four, Luis is what is the impact of a solid corporate culture during a rebranding process? Yeah. Uh I mean, part of the strategy during the digitalization was when we were on the awareness phase, we had to think instead of, I mean, the, what's the the most proud they all, all of our people, they're really proud of the brand, they love the brand, we call them lovers. And the thing is that the first shake down, I mean, the first pivoting stuff that we did was to change the brand to more digital brand. Uh And it was amazing because everybody was in love with you with the new branding without understanding why, because they were just fancy and, and it was like cool and that's it. And we were starting to sponsor F one uh Rock and Rio and other stuff like like more modern stuff and, and then people started to understand that that that was a beginning of a ecosystem being viewed. So we use, I mean, from inside to outside strategy with the all the steps that I've told already, but we use the outside to insult to insight, to provoke people with the things that they most love, which is the brand. That's why we, we, we, we make it, I mean, it wasn't easy to, to convince 12,000 people in.