This way, we are moving a lot, the business, we have uh digital inspection for claims uh where the client can make an inspection using his smartphone. It's not necessary the client or a person from the company drive a car reducing carbon footprint and uh at the the counter side at farms for crop insurance, uh we use geo localization and even drones to check it. Amazing. And it sounds like when we talked uh you, you mentioned about, it starts with the culture and starts with the their purpose. So everybody is connecting to the purpose so they, everyone can feel the purpose for themselves so they can be more efficient and they actually strive to help with sustainability. That's great. Thank you. And I have a question for um let's talk about diversity. First of all, I want to acknowledge how diverse our group is. So, thank you for being so diverse and so amazing. And uh the entire, the entire group today is amazing to see how many countries have been counting and then I lost count. So um I would like to talk about new A I technology chat GP T. There's a lot of controversy that we have today. But do you think chat GP T can diversify us or otherwise? I think it matters how we handle and use chat BT, right? If you just take the answers that you ask chat G GP and you don't think about it, then you're not diverse and we are basically mindless and not thought provokers. But if you can use it to say, what would the 80% who don't think do with the answer? And how can I be different and take what I'm learning to answer it with a little twist, then you can actually be probably more diverse with some information. Knowledge is key. It's what you do with the knowledge. It's what you do with the answers to become diverse and also how you explain it, right? How you modify it as a person when you can't tell a story and you're just reading information, it's not diverse. It's not interesting. You have to learn how to tell stories and I don't think chat BT can do that as well. If you don't bring that information into a story that relates to the audience or yourself. Amazing, wonderful. And Mara to you. Um I, I scan the room again. I think it's only 15% of women that are here today and women leaders and the steel gap is very big. So as a woman cio who can share your personal challenges and stories and how to change that dynamic and actually help increase the number of women in technology. Thank you for the question. You know, the last few months, I answer this question a lot. But as a woman, as a CTO, I feel responsible for share and to show to another young tacky woman, they can be both executive and family and they can be fulfill of have family and business. We we are working in to improve the diversity, not only the gender but all have kind of diversity. I'm very glad to see now how companies are looking for that in how they are going to see results from diversity. Diversity is not too easy. It's not easy to manage diversity, but of course diverse to bring the results. And it's clear now and I'm very happy when I can talk to a young tech woman and say to him to them, they can be both. They can be executive and can be a woman, a family and whatever they want. They don't need to choose. I think this is the most important thing. I have a lot of women who work with me and some of them ask me, oh, it's now it's time to have a baby or not in my career. How can I manage her? But you can manage both and it's your mother four. You know, I am two and don't choose it, just go and do the best and things will be happy. Thank you Mary. And also what uh you said that it's not just uh the mindset but it also how can we uh kids in the schools and go beyond stem? Right? How can we be more fusion? Can you comment on that? Sure. I think one of the reasons women and we only have 15 20% CEO S 15 20% women in this room is that we say STEM, you have to be in STEM to get into. I T. Well, I wasn't in STEM, I was going to be president of the United States and change the 22nd amendment in the constitution of the United States. I was the youth governor of the state of Minnesota at 17. But STEM really is not the only way into I T, right? It's using I T to build a business using what, you know, in finance or legal and creating disruption within business, the car business with Uber or Instacart with groceries. So if women can sit there and think about that, what do I know? What's my expertise and how do I use technology to become a technologist to create a niche and be stand out and be different? That's the way to have more women. It, how many of you men have women working for you? Only a few. I'm surprised how many of you have a woman as your succession plan to replace you. Right? I I made a lot of these panels about diversity and how do you make yourself CEO, well, I had to quit a Fortune 500 company in order to start my own to become CEO. Right? Because you do get into glass ceilings and it's not just a woman, it's not just a man. We all run into glass ceilings, right? We have to create our own ladder. But if we help, like, I've listened to men say, well, I delegate, I give them these responsibilities, the they're going to negotiate for me. I said, first of all, that's the first word. That's wrong. You didn't delegate, you need to empower and our language needs to change in how we speak, how we help. And if it wasn't for a bunch of men, I would have never started this company. Who said to me, you're a rule breaker, but you're smart, you might as well start your own company. So in the mode of digitization and cloud, just like virtualization instead of just retraining men, we should be training women like we have at Oak Rocket. 70% of the women in our team are women from the hospitality space, from the restaurant space as accountants. We should be retraining our workforce. Always no matter what to bring them into stem whether that's in sales, whether that's in legal hr they are I T if they play a role in a technology company. Wonderful. Thank you. And the question about biases, I know we're talking about uh data and a lot of future artificial Intelligence but um there's a lot of still biases out there. And if you think about data specifically and data research, this is a question for Gustavo. So now study uh A I now study revealed that there are less than 15% of A I researchers who are women with a world of consumers that uh customers and consumers that actually divided into women and men. And um but male dominated research and mindset. How can we trust that results that the, the data and uh it's the biases and data or it's actually uh pretty diverse. Yes, I have my own leak. No, no one else. Use this one, please. Uh You know that 15% the, the, the number is, it's terrible but uh not 15% of A I researchers. Uh I think that 15% of uh any research of S T AM technology science uh researchers are uh women for example and worse of worse than that is that probably all the data uh created generated by these studies. Uh If you look into that data, probably uh only 15% of the whole amount of information represents women as well. So we have a lot of bias to remove it from that. And data is critical for this new generation of artificial intelligence applications, not the new ones, the old ones as well. But we have to ensure that we have uh more inclusive ways of collection and analyzing data to prevent that bias. To be uh insert in the, all the, the, the information. But you know, the, the data is a represent, most of the data represents the word, the word we live. And the problem, the real problem is the status quo of the word. The word is uh it's, it's, it's not leading, leading by who should lead the world, the man, they dominate all the leadership, almost all the leadership companies I T companies. That's terrible. We should change the status quo. That's the, the, the real problem and that I, I don't know if it's, if there is an easy way to do it. If it was easy, maybe it should have been done already. But we, we have to as current leaders uh put all the women in the place they deserve to be. That is the, the leadership positions, not the women on the women, but any underrepresented group, a more diverse leadership. And it specifically speaking specifically of it will uh create a more diverse and unbiased uh data for the word and that will uh prevent us to perpetuate this uh inequality we have right now. Thank you, Gustav. I agree. I agree with you. And I know we have 12 minutes left and I want to jump to the funnest topic which is innovation. And A I we all um heard Amy, there's no middle ground, there is either lovers or haters. So my question to the audience and uh um let me read it to you with all the empowerment of A I that gives us, does it scare you? Raise your hand? Nobody. Oh, here you go. Yes. Would you mind giving me a microphone, please? Um, would love to understand why? From your perspective. Thank you for raising your hand. Nobody's scared. Here. I love that. There you go. There you go. Thank you. Be honest, please, please. Hi. Hi. It's er, um I just think with Amy's presentation there's quite a bit of unknown. So it's, that, that's the scary part. Right? If did anyone see the 60 minutes? Um, yeah, so the scary part with the 60 minutes was they were interviewing the CEO of Google and they were talking about chat G BT and they gave Chat B G BT a topic and I, I think it was something like, uh, in a 20 page dissertation, talk about recessions or the causes of recessions and it five seconds came out with 20 pages and at the end of the, uh, at the end of the paper, it had three reference books and it had the authors of those three reference books. 60 minutes went back and checked those reference books. They didn't exist, the authors didn't exist. Chat GP T just made it up. That's concerning. That's scary to thank my, thank you, Alexis. You uncommon. Maybe about super intelligent while, while we're getting there. Ok. Sure. Hi. I think it's petrifying. Um, there's nothing controlling what we're gonna be able to do and we don't even know what we're gonna be able to do. And that's the scarier part. Um Like my, my question to Amy about social media, there's a lot of lies out there and these systems are gonna gather all these lies, all this misinformation, all this data that's not checked, that's not validated, that never existed in the first place because some other A I created that. It's scary and, and there needs to be a humanistic kind of component. I'm not going to say a law, maybe a protocol, maybe something like that. But there has to be something that, that kind of controls what's going to happen otherwise it's going to get a little out of control. I, I love that answer. Yes. Do history is remade all the time. We read books and we believe they're truths, but it's only the truth of our perspective. So I don't know honestly how it's any different than chat GP. Right. I think it's our job to verify our job to see the outputs and validate information just like social media. So there's a lot of books out there with lots of lies. No one's validating it either. Yeah, I love that. Yes. Yes. No, not necessarily. No one's validating information for it to be printed all the time unless it's Wikipedia or, you know, an encyclopedia. But yes. Yes. And, and I have a daughter and a, a child, of course. Is very curious about everything. And A I two she used, she loves to use our home device for do a lot of questions in sequence. And as a father, I'm a little concerned about the quality of the answers that you receive. But no panic. We need to remember that humans are in control. And I believe that organizations and society in general will set, set some limits to use for A I driven by ethic and responsibility. Then I believe the next two years we will see a lot of different channels connected with A I how many channel tools, interactive platforms, but always respecting diversed. And this is amazing. Wonderful. Thank you so much. Um Roger, I have a question for you. Um Where in Boston, I know that you've been visiting um universities here and there's a project at M I T um about humanizing robotics. Can you give us a little hint of um what is the future of that project looks like? Yeah. Well, I, I can't say everything. Uh but um yeah, so uh yeah, it was cool to be here. Uh Not only with you all but getting a chance yesterday, I spent time with Harvard. Uh We are, they have a new group called D Cubed, which is Digital Design and Data and they're beginning to look at the future uh in that space and what they're trying to uh what, what they're trying to achieve with all the things we're talking about actually. And it's really cool to, if you get a chance to go over to the facility here, there's about 12 labs inside there and those labs are state of the art and extremely advanced. And we're looking at how we partner together on the future of, of how we help our planet, we help the world and we go through this massive energy transition and what the future of that looks like as we imagine energy. And I talked a little bit about human experience design where we say that we're working to harness human experience design to reimagine energy for people on our planet. And, and that's one side. And so there's some really interesting things there. And on top of that is how do we leverage A I to help us get there? And so Harvard and ourselves, others are working hard to figure that out uh or that partnership. Um And uh tomorrow, um I'll be uh at M I T, like you mentioned, uh we have a um a long standing partnership with. Um And uh as you, as you were talking about, how do we um look at humanizing robotics? I don't know if this mic is going out if I need it. Can I borrow one of those mics? Not the Yeah, not this one. Can anybody pass the mic? Thank you. All right. Something's wrong with that one. Um Yeah, so, so I'll try to be brief but um well, what I can tell you is uh kind of the perspective that we're looking at. Right? So if you look at robotics and A I, um this is kind of a reverse way of, I don't know if it's a reverse way of thinking to you. I don't know if it's controversial, but the way that we're looking at it or I'm looking at it with my teams is for a long time in our customer journeys, in our user experience or c we've built personas for people, right? We've built personas out and we've mapped out what, what, you know, these potential people are going to be these potential buyers, potential customers and so forth. And we also look at even internally when we look at the side of things, the enterprise experience on the inside, we have employees and we have different people in the value chain or the or the supply chain of all the things that need to happen, right? And then we build personas on how to design for them. But the future, what we need to be thinking about is our autonomous workforce and that autonomous workforce has needs, they have needs just like humans. And we, we are working hard to figure out can we build in to that autonomous workforce? And those, you know, in our company, we have robots going up walls through pipes, underwater fleets of drones A R X R M R, we've got the Boston dynamics dogs running around. It's, it's, it's, it's insane, but that may be the same in your companies. But, but one of the things I found is that how do we begin to put, um how do we begin to teach empathy into these A I trained models in these robots for humans? And how can they actually work for us and care for us in some way or another in some artificial empathy is what we call it. But then there's a reverse side and you'll see this like with the autonomous vehicles that may be running around San Francisco where people are stoning them and breaking their windows in the future. It's inevitable. We'll have these autonomous workers and autonomous beings with us everywhere we go. So is there a place where we need to have empathy for them as well? And should we have empathy for them? Should we begin to think of them as them? And, and there's this whole concept of how not only do we humanize robots or a I for us, but how do we help them understand or how do we help humans understand them as well and those needs? And so that's, that's kind of the, the, the, the depth that we're going into. Thank you. Brilliant. I think humans are way too selfish to care about robots. I'm just, just thinking about it. Um Question about uh just a thought provoking question you went into the future and I just want to go back uh in the past and think about industrial revolution uh in the United States, how everything got standardized and um a lot of foreigners probably can see that United States kind of lost a sense of style because of standardization. So my question is, do you feel that artificial intelligence and everything that is happening is going to really commoditize humans and make us standards? So we're not gonna stand out, we'll be very um very, you know, like one gray mass because there was GP t we're using the same tools and we're losing um just uh you know, creative and um creative thinking. So anybody wants to comment on that could Yeah. So I, so I think um yeah, so I, so I think there's a um an interesting thing that's rising and I, and we talked about this maybe a little bit off the topic, but there's, if you look at the, the value chain or the, or the supply chain of what, what's going on and all these, this rise of A I and robotics that will be in the supply chain. Um You're gonna see a shift and we're gonna see a shift in the way that we do commerce in the world. And right now we uh and many of you sell potentially to a buyer or um somebody in a company that might buy your services or your products, but in the future, your buyer may be a machine and you might have a machine customer. And so it, you and actually not even in the future, it's probably now where there is an A I that's been trained to review your bids and to make decisions based upon what you've submitted. And then it will choose which buyer or which, which product that they want to buy in the supply chain and then that A I will trigger an autonomous chain of events that happens autonomously. right? So now they have chosen you and your products and now they have shipped that product or sent that product somewhere and it's put in, inserted it somewhere and so forth all the way along the way and no human was involved in that. And so what's that? Well, yeah, Wall Street. Yeah, there you go. It's happening now, right? But, but um but it's gonna be much more common and so what will happen is then your companies will begin to learn how to outrank rank rain if you will like, you know, like Gary's company and, and Mike's uh and you will begin to figure out, ok? How do I now manipulate that? A I to pick us? And then it will be this constant battle between what is true and what's not true and what's real and what's not real of, you know, who's gonna be chosen, who's not gonna be chosen. But what's gonna happen is then they will duke it out and those machine customers will rise. So where do we insert the humans in all this potentially? Right. And so I think that's where we have to work hard. Now, somebody said that earlier, they're scared, right? If we don't do something now. So I think this is our chance now to be able to embed as much possible into these machine customers, into this, into this ecosystem or this supply chain of having that humanized touch. If we design first for humans first, not for tech's sake, but for humans sake, then we have a chance. We still have a chance, but it's getting closer and closer with that window is closing. It's all in our hands, I think is it in our hands or it's in is now making a change is all in our hands? I think if we really put the right uh right standards about how do we how to really use it and critical thinking? I think that's, that's gonna be a great future for us, right? I'm opportunistic person. Well, that wraps up our, our panel, I think. Thank you so much, everybody for staying along and let's go on a beautiful cruise. OK. So such a beautiful panel. So interesting discussions. We are getting to the end of the event. Uh I will try to cover this very quickly because we have fun activities. Now, I would like first to say that we are the ones with the role to reinvent this new world. So we want to be active we want to take our role and take our responsibility. Uh I need to say Brazil. Uh we have thousands of developers, thousands of our employees in Brazil in North America that have been part of what you are seeing here. So this book, which is the book that you, you, you received yesterday. It is our response in terms of how do we fight in a way that we are not in the scary part of it. And we take a role by uh first understanding, I mean, the, the the scary part for me is when we look into the unknown, we are dealing with a lot of unknown things right now. So the first thing we need to do is we need to learn. We need to be humble that we don't know much right now of what's going on and we need to understand. So we invited our engineers to write what they thought about gen A I on our specific business. And I think this is part of the action that we need to take, we need to understand. So we, that we are able to drive how these things are moving forward. I'm also very proud to share with you that we've built uh with the collaboration of more than 2000 developers in the last two weeks. One A I manifest on software engineering, the I A I assisted software engineering manifesto where most of the things that we spoke today are here. This, uh we already have close to 2000 signatures to this manifesto and this is our team, team of each of the companies and we will be opening this to the public so that you can engage your team to and it will be addressing most. If you, if you read it through, you will see that most of the concerns that we discussed here today, most of the opportunities, most of the responsibilities that we need to take, they are within there. And this is the the work of more than 2000 people collaborating. Each of them send one phrase, we mix the phrases and we got the best ideas together and this is their work. So Brazil and thank you to all to the teams from all over the world as well. So this is from today. So while we were here, we had uh a few 100 people going to some of our offices, thousands of people watching from home, thousands of customers. So these are pictures from today. So I, I really appreciate Brazil and then applause, right? Very cool. And it's, it's, it has been uh more than now three years that we did not do this in person anymore. So really, I I I'm I'm I'm glad I'm here with you. I'm sure they're glad that they are there together as well. So we are all now going to this new phase trying to be more efficient, do things on a smarter way. Uh We are trying to participate and build the tools that will guide our teams to know how to work with that and support you as customers and build together. So we don't want to, this is not being built for us, it's being built for you and together with you. Uh We also think that we need to keep a role on leveling the global field, creating opportunity for people wherever we are And we need to build ethical and humanized A I. This is uh a, a very important challenge to all of us as leaders as the ones who are influencing where we are moving forward. We need to keep educating people. We need to be creating opportunities for people that are spread around the world and that might have on using A I as a tool for growing as better humans, as better professionals, we can be exponential. I think you saw in our video, we, we can use A I to make developers become super great developers. And I think we should also use A I to make humans to become super great humans. Uh I'm an optimistic. I I I always look to the other side as well, but I think that uh there's far more reasons for us to believe that we can move into the future. We can keep innovating.