Be nicer. If I just went find me something to wear, will this dress look good on me without having to guess or even try anything on? I mean, that kind of sounds amazing, right? If the system knew the system knew I was going to be with a group of very important people. So let's say, in a store, and I hold up a dress like this and I say, should I wear this to the corporate event in Boston where I'm going to talk to some very, very smart people about the futures of A I, it might say no, literally never ever put that on your body. Never wear that. You just ask me if you could eat an entire frozen pizza. So that dress is not in your future. Let's talk about the last cluster. Um, the last arena now specifically has to do with generative A I. But again, I want to take this into a different direction than you're probably used to hearing. Um, but let's start with some background. So, generative A I is not new, it's just new to a lot of people specifically in media who cannot stop talking about it. It's not a new concept even in the late, the late like 28 29 to 2013 or so. A group of researchers were building something called a generative adversarial network, which was just a way of training machines to recognize things on their own. Now, the advancement of technology, the improvement in compute, the fact that we have more trained people and the costs coming down mean that advanced technology begets more advanced technology. So it does a lot of this has happened pretty fast relative to the overall trajectory of A I. But again, not new. In 2017, some researchers at Google published what was a groundbreaking paper called attention is all you need. And they posited a different way, a different approach to training models and to using automated systems, it was called a transformer model. And these are neural networks can learn context in sequential data. So again, it's a little bit like showing them that cow and training them to recognize the entire picture versus just tiny bits of it. This type of idea fundamentally shifts our relationship to information because if we are now capable of training models to interact with us more fluidly, more seamlessly, it unlocks new opportunities in areas like search in areas like discovery. So it changes what we know about C O and about gaining data insights and things like that. It unlocks opportunities. It also has the potential to create new bottlenecks or hurdles for companies that are not willing to come along and sort of hasten their digital transformation process. I mentioned large language models. So transformers are what underpin L L MS large language models they can recognize, summarize, translate, predict and generate text, but also other things, climate models, pictures of things pretty soon, videos at scale artwork, you name it. And the way that this happens is there's a giant library called a corpus and then there's a sequential way of predicting with probabilistic distributions, what would come next? So that's kind of what's happening. I'm sure some of you know, this, I'm telling it to you because clearly a lot of the people that I was with last week don't. And because this more granular understanding of how these systems work is not yet known to the executives making decisions. There is a disconnect. OK? So again, some of what I'm seeing is um just, just partner with one of these companies, partner with open A I forget the fact that our company has not gone through a digital transformation process yet. That's fine. Uh Just just get us in data audit. We haven't done that. We don't have a chief data officer. We're not really thinking about risk and compliance, just get us a partner. I'm seeing a lot of that happening without any fundamental understanding of how these systems work or why the whole company needs to go through that transformation process before you leap, transform our architecture as it's thought about right now, kind of mirrors what we think, how the brain works. So that sort of neural connections within our minds. So the T in chat GP T stands for Transformer Chat GP T stands for Chat generative pretrained Transformer, meaning they've already built the model, they've already trained the model. Of course, we don't know how. Uh And now now you can use it. The first version of Chat GP T was trained, trained on something called book corpus about 7000 books. Uh And again, this was a very long time ago, the second version was trained on both books and websites. So, and probably Wikipedia and Reddit. Um And what's interesting is that in February of 2020 the world was dealing with COVID, what was about to be a global pandemic. So we were all a little distracted um to be fair. But that same month these open A I guys released a press release that I think we've already forgotten about. And that press release in February 2020 said that GP T two was so powerful, so dangerous that they should not release it to the public that it presented safety risk. It's only been three years. And as far as I know, there's no like international Interpol for A I, there's no chat GP T police, right? So this company has been kind of policing itself. So here we are chat GP T there's now GP T four. And by the way, they're the ones getting all the attention, but there are lots of models and lots of players in the space, although fewer than there used to be. Um And there's zero transparency now, we really, nobody knows. Um And, and uh last week Greg, uh Brockman was at TED and wouldn't disclose or talk to any buddy about even after hours. Like what's the corpus, what's in here? We don't know part of what they're promising is what's called reinforcement. Uh uh um I just lost my train of thought reinforcement learning uh with humans. And the idea is, don't worry, we're going to do reinforcement learning. We're going to say yes or no. You're doing some of that if you use these systems to help train the models to make sure there's still a human in the loop. Well, this is kind of good in theory, but who are the humans? What are their values? What do they know about you? What do they know like Brazil? Are there any Brazil? I don't think there are, is there anybody from Brazil? These models there are, you're starting to. But I mean, are you guys in the, I don't think you are. I was in the Emirates uh a couple of weeks ago in Abu Dhabi. You know, these guys are really smart. They're not sitting in the room in Silicon Valley as one of the like, it's a small group of people who aren't necessarily thinking through everybody else's world views. So here's what's coming next because that just describes where we are today. What's coming next is, um And again, I'll stick with chat GP T for just a moment. Um It's gonna have sort of extra powers in the form of plugins and part of what's happening is they want your company's data. Um So one of the things that got talked about last week uh was um some, some new features that that really do seamlessly, some very cool things uh using other, other sources of data. So for example, let's say I needed a recommendation of something to eat. OK. Um So I'm, you can kind of sort of see, I know the text is small, but let's say, um I, I, I asked a question, I'm lactose intolerant. I want something spicy and healthy to eat for lunch tomorrow. I type in a version of that question into the GP T four and I, I get this sort of answer back out, right? So, and it's very fast. It spits out an explanation of what I asked for. And then a full recipe. The recipe involves things like chickpeas and tofu. A stir fry. I asked for no meat and it goes on and on and on. Here's all the ingredients you need and then step by step instructions for how to cook it. That's great. Um At, at the end of this, I could then ask the system? Awesome. I would like to make this. Can you please get all the groceries delivered to my house? Ok. And it does that. So, um, it's a plug in, it's Instacart. Uh that will then take all the ingredients I need, put them into a cart as long as I prove it and maybe I can preapprove it at some point. But I'm in Boston today by the time I get home tonight, all of this stuff shows up at my house so that tomorrow I can eat it. Um So this is all pretty awesome. It's very powerful, but I don't know if you've noticed anything up here. And this is for those of you at C P G companies, this would, this should concern you. So all of those are the same company. This is all O brand, which is an organic brand. I care. I prefer organic stuff, but there are competitors to that brand. This is the one that automatically auto magically got put into my shopping cart um which I don't know. Um You know what I find much scarier than killer robots. Uh I it's the concentration of power. Um You, you should all find this pretty concerning too. So, Aws and Amazon companies, which by the way, uh I have enormous respect and admiration for um Aws has already uh sort of hooked up with a platform called Hugging Face, very, very, very powerful. Um It's a massive generative A I platform among other things. Um as you know, Microsoft and, and open A I have this partnership now and open A I is going to start bringing a ton of players onto the Azure platform through all of these plugins and all this data stuff. And then Google had two A I divisions, one was called Deep Mind. The other is called Google Brain that merged. I think today's Wednesday. I don't know what day it is. They, they merged, they are now one big group and so deep mind which had been working on protein folding, really tough basic science like basic research projects. That team is now also responsible for immediate near term projects like building functionality into barred and ostensibly changing search entirely as we know it search. I'll come back to you in a moment or right now because obviously, we've been thinking a lot and hearing a lot about Google and how some of this upends potentially what we currently think of when we think of search because conversational search changes the dynamics of search by display. Um Most people don't realize that just behind Google Amazon is the world's second largest search engine. It's very, very powerful. Most people use that almost every single day. Um And then, you know, Bing is Bing is trying uh now, sadly, not everybody has a date to the generative A I prom this year. Um Yes, poor Elon Musk, Sad Elon Musk. He divested from open A I very early on and was left without a horse in the race. He has suddenly announced truth GP T which to be truthful, I thought was a joke. I totally did, but it is not a joke. He is promising maximum, that should all be caps. By the way, it should maximum. Truth seeking A I which is like somebody's having a midlife crisis, I think is what's happening. I don't think concentration of power is a good thing for business or society. And that's partially why a lot of these companies are suddenly promising transparency. This is very important for a lot of you because as this transparency continues, you may find that you have more demands on you as leaders within digital and it to show your work to explain how you're making decisions. This could become a new norm open a a couple of days ago said that it's going to make chat GP T fact checkable, meaning that it's going to explain how it came up with answers to things. So I've already seen this in action and if you like closed loop systems, you will like this a lot. Here's an example. Um this was on the date of an academic or public yet, this is just something that got announced. Um So as we all know, L L MS have a tendency to hallucinate so they tend to make up facts or have problems with logic, get math problems wrong. Um This plug in which hasn't launched yet will fact check answers. So if you get something in chat GP T on the platform itself or with a partner, you should at some point be able to check to see where did this answer come from. It will also show you the code like Python. Here's how we calculated it. This is what the code that was used to to answer the question, not the source code uh but the little blip that was involved in that particular answer. So again, this is a very nice idea, but the internet seems to be kind of full of lies, you know, sometimes this is somebody asking chat GP T to write a column. The point in the point of view of Alex Jones, who in the United States is like a conspiracy theorist about how students in Parkland Florida died and he's, and so the, the answer comes back with just of lies. It's really bad where you see red. Um He's, he's the essay, not Alex Jones. The essay is saying that the the Children were actors and there's no disclosure in there saying like this is obviously not true. So this is really important because of what's on our horizon. What's on our horizon is not just generative, a generalist A I which again, take nothing away from this. And I feel like this is kind of a theme of the event, but you should know this anyways, your companies need to move faster. I think that's partly what compass is trying to help its partners do. And I know it's hard to convince. Oh my God, believe me, I know executives, they get fixated on the, on the obvious stuff, the shiny stuff and they don't want to work on the infrastructure layer, but that's where the investment needs to be right now. Not just on marketing and the other things. It's like understanding what this true sort of more ballistic digital transformation looks like. So there's one I want to highlight in particular when it comes to a generalist A I. So this is from Google, it's from deep mind, it's now Google itself. Um So this thing can do the chat GP T stuff, but it can also play Atari, it can manipulate robot arms in the real world, you know, and just like simulating a digital twin using extended reality pulling in the other threads talking about it can do that too. So this moves beyond telling me what to eat for lunch and getting me some groceries. This thing is a more generalist A I capable of doing and learning many different things. At one time, we are now on the path to artificial general intelligence and it's not going to be here tomorrow and it's also not going to show up the way that we were all expecting. The end of this does not look like a movie that you've seen. The end of this looks something different that we haven't really thought through yet. General A I S, in other words, multimodal A, these are about to be the new norm, not in 2023 but certainly in the relative near future, it's going to happen fast, which again is why I want your companies. For those of you who are, I think those of you who are part of the compass portfolio already know this, but the partners who are in the room, I think you need to sort of get the, get the train moving a little faster in this space, whether you work in data or I and I know this is a hard case to make internally, but this is the place where like you're going to get left behind. So where does this leave? You think about your digital platforms? Think about the bridge between I T and business. Think about digital transformation. For those of you who are engineers who are tuning in from around the world, think about the work that you do. You know again, what did I say at the beginning? Where are you going to play? And where are you going to win? Now is the time to start thinking that through? Because very soon knowledge workers which probably includes a lot of you, you're going to have to know how to use this stuff, not just in general, but in order to create value going forward, um you, you have to understand what the systems can do beyond some like cool cool things that you might show at a conference. So let me show you an example of something from health care, which is very far outside of the typical examples you might see. So let's say that you have thousands of patient records. But again, if you work in consumer or retail translate this to like AC R M, let's say that you've got thousands of records and you want to gain insight from those data. But because it's health related data or in some states or countries around the world protected consumer data, you have to deidentify it, you have to anonymize it in some way before you can really make use of it. Um So that was a synthetic data set that I just showed you. But you know, the thing that you would need to do is to go through and clean out all of the identifiable stuff. So this is a prompt that you might give to a system asking to, to do that work for you. And the result of that because I did it is this. So it's a deidentified data set and it leaves behind gender categories, other things like that. And this took me what like a second and a half, something like that. Now, what if I wanted to gain insights out of this? So again, let's say that you had two different data sets did the same process, but now you want to compare them. You wanna look for patterns and insights that you wouldn't thought to look for. You want some charts and graphs. Um So again, I, I went through that same process with two synthetic data sets and I, I got again, a ton of answers. This has to do with health care data. But I can, you know, insights now about asthma and Lyme disease, things like that in a fairly automated way. So you might be thinking this is a very cute trick. But what does it have to do with my business? I don't work in health care. Why should I care about this? Well, the reason you should care is because last year, the government of the United Kingdom spent a ton of money like a lot of money and they spent more than a year to determine whether or not it would be possible to take a bunch of data, anonymize it and gain insights using an algorithm. I did that exact same thing in 2.4 seconds uh with no money, it's sitting in my bedroom on a Saturday morning. So here's the insight. Your business might be burning through resources unnecessarily or leaving insights out. But the only way you can sort of catch up is if you know how to use the tools and only if you have a trusted partner because you don't want to just give your data to anybody without having some say in what happens. So let's we're at the end, I started off by asking you this question, what if we rep perceived the futures of A I to be more holistic to get beyond the obvious conversations that we keep having. And with Dallenbach cow in mind, I took you through three clusters of trends versus individual trends because all of these things are related to each other. The intersections are what form the futures. So I want to close with what I think those futures might look like in the form of scenarios, trends on their own aren't useful. So if you're using trends in your organization, they're not going to do you much unless you put those into a strategic scenario and include things like uncertainties and build some models. There are evidence based ways of rehearsing your futures. So I've got two for you just to get your minds thinking they're set 15 years in the future. There's an optimistic version and a catastrophic version. So let's start start with the optimistic framing. We slowed down, we decided to make a plan. We stopped talking in extremes about A I and we built the next generation of technology to maximally benefit society. Generative A I systems and emerging tech helped us be present with each other. Busy parents rely on generative A I to answer the dreaded question. What's for dinner every night? It automatically generates recipes, sends groceries to your house and when it's time to start cooking, it even gives a job to each family member so that families cook together when it's time to eat. There are no screens in front of the Children or the parents because we all use those invisible interfaces. We talk to each other while we eat. It's a brand new thing. Brands are not lost in the process. Consumers have choice. They can set their preferences to always pick their favorite brands or they can select their choice based on brand and price whatever it might be that's important to them and brands get the data back. So the data are not just trapped in a black box. Brands have data platforms have data and consumers have some say in who's getting access to what invisible interfaces help us get through our day in a meaningful way. They automate tasks like research, find me a dress to where to a business meeting. They help us gain insights, uncover new business insights using a data set, things like that they help us be more productive. Um Summarize what I just heard in the speech and tell me what the key takeaways should be. Digital transformation was about transformation evolving from life as it was in the year 2023 to life reimagined optimized for the year 2038. Everybody gets to participate and everybody is succeeding. So that's one option. Here's another way that things might go. We sped up, we did not make a plan. The ai extremes prevailed. The ai wars intensified. Everybody got FOMO and made fast decisions rather than good decisions. We built the next generation of tech to maximally increase revenue. And the worst part is that companies thought generative A I and emerging tech could just replace all the humans. So in the late 2020 s, they started laying off workers, tons of companies got rid of tons of human workers and they attempted to outsource all of the jobs to machines, which meant that there were fewer humans in the loop. And by the late 2020 s, that became a huge problem because robots are the real threat. Um The algorithms work and which data is being used by what that was the threat. Generative AI systems and emerging tech resulted in the hyper personalization of everything in the name of attention. So we just wait for A I systems to tell us what to do. We're slaves to algorithms. There's a certain amount of learned helplessness, we're told what to eat optimized for probably health. I don't know, it's not clear, we don't know what's being optimized and why families might sit next to each other. But they're watching personalized content, generative A I, in the form of TV shows, we actually started to see this in the year 2023 but everybody was distracted. We wanted to talk about A I was going to kill us in our sleep. So nobody wanted to talk about the other things, uh things like brands becoming invisible and platforms like Amazon getting really, really good at helping people direct, directed towards products that they sell. Um and how this was happening or why it just wasn't really clear. Invisible interfaces do help us get through the day and our days are full of mistakes and weird glitches and confusion. Um Generative A I is automating workflows and yes, technically we can fact check it but we can't trust what we're getting. Tasks, start to get automated in weird ways. Like find me a dress to wear to a really important meeting with very important business people in Boston. Technically, this is the top of a business suit for a business meeting. But it reminds us that back in the year 2023 saw instances of racism within the A I of sexism of ISMs against non native English speakers, people who were left out of the decision making. You know, it reminds us of the bias that existed in A I systems that it never got resolved. Digital transformation weirdly turned out to be a mistake because we didn't do it right. We think back to the mostly analog days of 2023 wishing that we had made better choices. So I don't know what the future is gonna have. I don't know what it's gonna be. I really don't. But given what I'm saying, I think we've got like a 50 50 chance and, and that's because the choice is up to you. You have to play a role in what's coming. We've got to get away the next time you hear an executive talking about the killer robots or the robots are going to say whatever, stop talking about robots, the generative A I doing this or that the other listen politely and then nudge them to the more important parts of the conversation because what's crazy is every CEO now that I interact with seems to have an opinion on this stuff and not anywhere close to as many companies have gone through the process of digital transformation, which I know you are all going through. This is very important work, very important work. And I'm relying on you to be champions inside of your organizations. For those of you who are portfolio members, I'm relying on you to be futurists, consultants to help others understand what's really happening. And for those of you who are joining virtually, you all have a role to play in what comes next because this is the moment that we go from what feels like science fiction to actual reality. I don't think the future is going to turn out like either one of these scenarios. Exactly. But some flavor of what I've just described is absolutely going to happen. How do I know that? Because I didn't make this stuff up, it comes from signals that we see in the present and models that we've built at F T I So some fragments are going to happen. So here are key 44 key takeaways. First of all, you, you just have to get beyond the hype. Um Talk about generative A I but talk about it pragmatically, what can it actually do? Where is the true value generation? Why do I need to make the case inside of my company regardless of where I am in the world to invest more in this and to build out services. Um So certainly on generative A I we're gonna eventually circle back as a society to metaverse, have the same conversations when it comes to metaverse, Blockchain web. Three, everybody's famous favorite bingo card of tech terms and emerging tech in general two. Remember that cow practice rep perception over and over and over again. Um Three, remember that trends on their own are not useful. It's convergences between them and importantly, number four, if you don't ask what if and what's next, then you are robbing the future of your strategic thinking. So those are the four things to take away. Remember as leaders, you have to start asking what if now so that you never need to ask now, what in the futures? Thank you.