So thank you so much. So, our second question, I'm gonna direct to Bill Ower and George. So, Bill, could you please introduce yourself? Good morning everybody. Um I guess I could use this, this one. It is Good morning. Um It's wonderful to be here and I, I'm thoroughly honored to uh to be a part of, I think what is probably the first of many of these types of events uh that compass you all will be hosting. So thank you. Um Bill Warshauer, I've been in and around the payments industry for over 20 years. Uh run North America for Black Hawk Network, uh B H N as we like to call it. Um by show of hands. Who within the last, I'm gonna take a stab here who within the last month has walked into their local grocery store Target Home Depot Lowe's and bought a physical gift card. Ok. Just a few of you. Ok. How many who have loyalty program participation with Chase B of A Wells Fargo have converted points to a gift card in the past year? I thank you for both of those. So that is Black Hawk Network, Black Hawk network is the largest global issuer distributor and program manager of open and closed loop physical and digital gift products. Uh We were born out of Safeway Stores. Uh And I love this uh the, the mode that we're following here, which is efficiency and convenience because that's what Black Hawk was born out of Safeway stores. Back in 1999 was trying to identify and create new revenue opportunities for themselves. And they created a small little think tank and believe it or not, the concept of bringing a gift card into the grocery store was born. And when you think about the convenience factor, head of household typically walks into a grocery store between three and four times a week and the ability to all of a sudden uh take care of and be able to basically um cover off two shopping experiences with one store visit, gift cards were born and gift cards now sit globally in many physical retail locations and you typically see them in center of store, center aisle and that's very purposeful because they are actually the highest yield, highest margin product in any of those types of stores, which is an interesting fact. Um Fast forward Black Hawk identified an opportunity to bring these same types of payment products and solutions into the B to B environment. And that's the business that I operate here in North America. I'll get into some more details about what that actually means. But again, really excited to be here and look forward to sharing more about what B H N could mean for you all as organizations and how we consider digital and speed and efficiency to be our top priority. Thank you so much, Bill and honestly, my entire list gets gift cards in Christmas. So I'm happy is there for me? So, George uh with mastercard, would you please introduce yourself? Sure. Uh Hi, good morning everyone. My name is George Seder. I'm the vice president of account management and mastercard. Uh My team is responsible for our account management relationships in the US market. Uh We work very closely with Black Hawk is one of our partners uh in the payment space for about 15 years. I started in the payment space actually launching a gift card program for a franchise concept and was then recruited to run debit prepaid and digital wallet programs in the US, Canada, the UK and a few other select European countries. I spent about 10 years running those programs and working with both networks. We were originally a visa customer and then we flipped our portfolio to mastercard and that's where I got to know a lot of the Mastercard folks. Um They came calling in 2018 and asked me to, to join a team and essentially run a group of account managers that support customers that were in my shoes that were running programs and gift reloadable, um incentive rebate, reward and it's been a really rewarding experience. Um Love working with partners like Bill and having the opportunity to speak on panels like this and uh looking forward to learning a lot uh today. So thanks for the time. Thank you so much. So, human capital plays an important role on organization, productivity and efficiency from that perspective. What advice would you offer to companies looking to future, improve their organizations? Yeah, I can start. I think, you know, it starts with people, it starts with culture and it starts with technology. So you've got to attract and retain the right talent. You have to provide them with opportunities to develop their careers and you also have to provide them with tools that will enable them to succeed. If you don't have those things, it becomes really hard to retain talent. You know, at mastercard, we call it the Mastercard way. It's essentially how do we grow together, how do we innovate and how do we accelerate opportunities within the space? We're a B to B to C company. So we only succeed if our partners succeed. And for us that starts with our people. You know, we look for technologists, we look for people that understand the payment space, but also understand innovation. You know, a lot of people look at Mastercard and say, oh, you're a payment network or you're a brand, but we're much more than that. Um Back in 2014, our CEO at the time said we are going to become a technology company. Uh a who you may have heard of from there. We evolved as a company, we became not just a payment network, we're a technology company that was also driven in consultive services. So a third of our revenue at Mastercard now is actually driven by working with our partners and providing consultative services. So continuing to evolve your company attracting the right talent, the right people and ensuring that you're providing them with the right technology, I think is essential and also giving them the opportunity to grow within mastercard. You know, we have people that move from product to account management to franchise. They look at mastercard as a, you know, a development road map essentially that they can different organizations throughout a 10 year or 15 year career um learning, you know, new things along the way. So I think, you know, having all those things in place is really foundational. Yeah, I couldn't agree more. George, I think um we all, I I at times uh forget probably the most important asset in all of our organizations and that is people, right? That's our coworkers, that's our partners. Uh And, and I think without each of those and the and the mindfulness that you put into what the expectations are today of all of those individuals. Um We're missing something I think COVID for us globally um brought this to light uh a recent Gallup poll actually uh found that seven of 10 employees today are considering leaving their job and finding a position elsewhere. Um When you dig down and you look for the reason, 20% of those individuals feel like they are not properly incented or rewarded or recognized for a lot of the efforts that they bring forth day in and day out. So how do companies address this today? It's a key item that we're talking with a lot of our partners about. Um how do we consistently think about that? How do we enable that? Uh One of the things that's most exciting right now, when we think about, you know, again, this digital age and our amazing opportunity to come together here in person while it's incredible, we all are realists and recognize that tomorrow or the next day, we'll be back in front of our team's screen with back to backs in very little time, right? So how do you within these moments within these events, within these meetings, find those opportunities to recognize and to say thank you and to appreciate, I'm proud to say that Black Hawk is the first company to integrate completely with Microsoft teams. So now within teams, chats within different group meetings, you are absolutely within that environment, able to curate and send a digital reward in real time, right? Within the team's environment. So think about that in terms of impact and influence and the opportunity opportunity to engage with a large audience or a single individual in real time, a lot of value. And I think what we're trying to do across this ecosystem is find those moments, find those opportunities to deliver meaningful value and say, thank you. Speaking of which I'll do a quick little demo here who has just first want to raise a hand, an iphone. OK. That was, I'm gonna choose, I'm gonna choose Lindsay Lindsay. Um As I'll demonstrate here, everyone is now about to get Lindsay's cell phone because I don't have it on my cell. Lindsay. What's your cell? Yeah. 972814 6268. Excellent. All right. So right here in real time, right? I'm just gonna be in my Apple messenger scrolling over and Lindsay for being so kind. I'm sending her in real time right now. A Starbucks gift card. So within about a moment. Ok? You deserve coffee. You're getting $25 for me. I'm hitting by. It's gonna move right out to Apple Pay boom. Show my pretty face and we have good signal in here. It's processing the point I'm really trying to make. Here guys is the digital age is upon us. Here it comes lens, the digital age is upon us. That's all powered by Black Hawk, right? Within I Messenger. You got it. So that's the reality. When we talk about speed. When we talk about efficiency, we talk about immediacy of delivery and value. That's what I think our people want. That's what our partners want and that's what we want to be able to enable for everyone. So, there you go. You're welcome. Thank you so much. Thank you so much, Bill. Thank you so much, George. Everyone at home now has Lindsay's cellphone as well. So please send her a gift card. She will be happy to receive them next. Uh I have Claudia Schafer and uh Martin Claudia, would you please introduce yourself? Can I give you my cell phone number as well? Can you send me a gift card parts for everybody? All right. Hello, everyone. So excited to be here. My name is Claudia Schafer. I'm the chief experience officer at caliber collision. We are a $6 billion organization. Um We have 1600 centers in the United States. We are in 44 states. We are the largest collision repair centers in the United States. So you're probably asking because a couple of people said, ok, well, what does caliber collision do specifically? So when you get into an accident in the United States, you call your insurance carrier and they usually recommend us. So you bring your car to us and uh we restore your car to pre collision condition. So that is what we work on. Um It's an industry that consumers do not want to really think about. Nobody wakes up Monday morning thinking yeah, I wanna go to caliber collision this week. That's not how it happens. And so, um you know, the customer experience is really, really crucial because we do rely on recommendations so that people come back to us or that they refer us to their friends and families prior to caliber, I worked in the restaurant industry for pretty much the rest of my career. Um I worked for a lot of large restaurant uh companies. One of them was mcdonald's, which is where I actually met Sheila. Um We worked on the advertising agency side of mcdonald's for many, many years. And then eventually I moved to the client side and I worked on a lot of casual dining brands. I know we have a lot of people from Brazil here, so I visited Brazil a lot. Um We, I, I ran marketing for TJ Fridays, Chili's Jamba Juice, and um I've also held a board position in the restaurant industry. So that is my background for all of these companies. I have been um you know, heading marketing and innovation and really the goal is to position and market the brand and ultimately deliver a differentiated and seamless customer experience. So that is a little bit about my background. Impressive. Thank you so much, Martin. Please introduce yourself. Good morning. Uh So I'm Martin. I actually lead the foundation engineering organization at um you know, some of you might know, pick pay is the largest digital wallet in LA, about 70 a bit over 70 million accounts. Uh Recently, kind of joined forces with original kind of the original, you know, 100% digital bank. Uh first one to be able to open the fully digital account in Brazil. Um I've been there for a year and a half now and I joined actually out of Netflix where I spent probably almost 10 years um Foundation engineering. Uh I think I'm the only one in engineering here in the whole panel here, right? So like a core engineering kind of actually probably work my first lines of code at nine years old, like computer science, that's my whole background. Um And foundation engineering deals with all core engineering at Pipa, so not directly related to a financial product, but you know everything that is central. So all your internal platforms, infrastructure, your developer productivity tools, which is kind of one of my works. Um big data, machine learning architecture, all those things. And it's kind of interesting because it it it relates directly with the kind of um subject of the panel here to kind of my two main tenants in the organization here, making sure all my developers are really efficient. Um they can actually deliver product really quickly. And at the same time, I'm actually not spending too much at AWS. So that's like really, really important to us um which is super, super hard at scale. How do you do that with thousands of engineers and make sure no one actually do something really, really bad and uh causes a big problem at the end of the day. So um and Netflix, I did basically the same thing I went through. All I started architecture when we Netflix started, I think it would move to the cloud in 2011. I think if I'm not mistaken uh when cloud was this new thing. So I work in architecture back in those days. Um trying to come up with a lot of the tools that you guys might have heard of um been through data machine learning, uh your recommendation out goals, uh you know, you name it. So that's basically my background. Thank you so much for your introduction. So uh as leaders, what are the some some of the common challenges that companies uh face while trying to sim simultaneously um improve agility efficiency and optimization and how have you overcome these challenges uh in the past? Yes, definitely right organizations and especially us and I'm sure everybody else you have to work on all three at the same times, agility optimization and efficiency and finding that right balance is very key. So for us agility, it's all about innovation, it's really working very smart, quick, taking risks, but also being very flexible, it's all about failing fast so that you can really understand what is gonna work, what is not gonna work? And is this really going to differentiate you so very important and and the skill sets for that are a little bit different than what you need for the other two, which is optimization and efficiency, optimization and efficiency for us. It's working on things that are closer in. It's really squeezing everything that you can out of what you have. How do you fine tune things and how do you make it work harder for you? So at caliber, um just back to my industry, it's amazing. So how many people here have bought a new car in the last couple of years? Right? Isn't the technology amazing. I mean, it is like a walking computer, a driving computer, not even walking driving computer. Um It's just amazing how much that has evolved and what is still to come. So like really interesting when you think about the facts. Uh One of the things that we know is that gas cars have 1500 microchips in them and if you have an electric car, it's 3000 chips, microchips. And that is just mind boggling because now from a collision perspective, when somebody gets into an accident, it's not only that we have to fix the mangled metal on the hood or on the door or on the fender, we also need to now fix all of these microchips and these microchips are super important because they are the ones controlling your safety systems and your emission systems. So we need to ensure that everything is working and that everything is connected. So ultimately, we need your car to be safe to drive so that when you leave our centers that you, you know, obviously, um you know, are are leaving um and you are safe back on the roads. So that is what we focus in on. So when I think about agility, there's no playbook out there, right? Everything has evolved so quickly, everything is evolving so quickly, there's no playbook that we can follow, that says, oh, this is how you need to address it. And so for us really thinking about how do we solve those consumer needs, how do we evolve with the industry is really really important. So failing fast and finding the right solutions, very, very key. But then we also have to look at our own operation from an efficiency perspective. How do we squeeze more out of what we have? So for instance, scheduling, how do we get more cars into our centers into all of the different base at all available times? From an optimization perspective? How do we ensure that the operation is really flowing very smoothly that we have throughput and that we're getting cars in and out much faster. So all of those things have to work and you have to work on it simultaneously and it is hard, right? I mean, ultimately, what we have found is that you have to in your organization have the different skill sets to be able to work on all of those different products and projects, people who work on a job projects are probably not the same people that are working on optimization and efficiency projects just because the skill sets are different. And, and you know, you just need to have the right people for that. The other thing that we have found is that the governance structure has to be really, really clear for all of those different projects. If you do not have the right governance structure with the right roles and responsibilities and everybody knowing exactly what they need to be doing, you know, those projects will not um you know, result in what you, what you want them to resolve too. And then the last thing is um one of the things that we use a lot is Scrum. So one of one of the the big pieces is, you know, you're moving so fast and so many questions arise and you want to make sure that you have that in place so that you can manage the workload and prioritize tasks and just keep these projects moving. So those are the three things that we have been implementing in some of these larger projects that we're undertaking within the organization. Thank you so much, Claudia. All right, bring a bit to my context. Since you know, end of the day, I'm trying to build products fast. I'm trying to deliver features to the users as fast as possible. I end up having two different customers. I have my internal customers kind of folks making decisions, um developers trying to deliver features and indirectly kind of my end customers. Um And on that, I think agility for us at least is being able to, you know, enable people to make decisions faster. It's a has a lot to do with data um the whole data organization with me. So how can I have that data more accurate and available faster? And at the same time, how can I enable all my developers to actually deliver features faster? Um And at the same time, uh how can I increase the layers of abstraction? So they don't have to worry about boilerplate things or um doing the same work twice. So a lot of that is starting starting to create, creating uh of abstraction. Um So how many of you here actually have engineering organizations and not not many. So end of the day software is creating layers, um bottom layers are basically exactly the same, you're building features uh one on top of the other and large organizations, thousands of engineers you don't want them repeating and doing the same thing over and over and over again. So that's kind of where my my team comes in and create lays of abstraction. On top of that, everyone uses the same stack, the same languages um uses the cloud exactly the same, they uh use the same automation, same tools. So how can we bring tools and lays of abstraction? So developers can deliver features faster bit of that. Thank you so much. So, we have two additional questions to ask them. And uh from there, we will open the floor to the audience to ask questions and the next one will be directed to Bill Jeff and Sheila. Um Please share with us an example of the organization's agility and supporting a customer's needs bill. You need a microphone. So, yeah, it's um it's a great question and I, I, you know, preparing for this uh thought of many examples that I could share if, if we could have the slide slip to, I think it says C A vax for the win. Um that would just provide some background. So, you know, Black Hawk Network again, well established across many different verticals and government and nonprofit et cetera. We had an opportunity when COVID first really started to rise to deliver on it, tremendous challenge and, you know, uh problem that the state of California is facing and that was to have their own citizens, their population go and get tested for COVID. Um And then not only being tested but obviously, then seeking out a vaccine. Um And for, for some reason, Californians as a whole were slower than the rest of the population and adopting and going to get vaccinated. So we uh we got a call literally on a Saturday. Uh And on Sunday, I think I was on the phone with George and mastercard and Black Hawk Network came together in a matter of two weeks, uh we stood up a brand new digital property to be able to intake um information from multiple sources including, you know, a back and compliant organizations around the state of California and so on to deliver digital incentives and rewards for those that did go get a vaccine govern uh news at that time, committed $100 million in rewards to drive the uh the vaccination uh campaign And it was called C A VAC for the win. Uh literally within two months, uh we had uh fully uh consumed that entire budget and drove the adoption of vaccines up by 45%. Um So when you think about agility, you think about the ability to move fast, you think about digital or delivery we delivered, you know, again, 60 some odd million dollars in digital mastercard products of $50 denominations um just making that type of impact. But at the same time recognizing that we as an organization were able to stand up, stand in and deliver that type of value. Um It impressed me, uh impressed a lot of impressive. Thank you. Thank you so much for sharing Jeff. Yeah, I I think for us because we're such a large enterprise globally like agility may mean speed may mean a little bit different for us and maybe similar to some of the other companies out there as well. But I think with Agile and Scrum, what really helped is that there's a champion to make these real time decisions. Um And, and I think helping prioritize that really, really helps. And I think one of examples that I can think of is um because of these uh microchip shortages and precious metal shortages for the batteries. Um Our supply chain has taken a hit over the last couple of years and a lot of our tools around on, on Twitter dot com is powered by where you live as well as the inventory available in your area. So without the inventory, the experience you get on the website is sub par. So one of the decisions that we had to make because we don't really control manufacturing was really to try to change that business logic and try to get rather than showing ground stock stocks that are in transit or being built so that the website still continues to function like it should. So we had to really quickly pivot that was, you know, that spans over several, several divisions that we had to make those decisions. But at the end of the day, that was the best decision for us because we didn't have to overhaul any of our logic, overhaul any of our software. So that that and it still present a decent experience for, for consumers. So that's one of the agile examples I can think of right now. Thank you so much. And Sheila can you share with us an example as well? So um, as I said, we're simple. We keep it pretty basic and we're about the consumer. So who's your consumer? What are they doing? And how do you reach them? And I think when you're on the corporate side, you have a lot of pressures and they're very technical, but we really boil it down to what is your end consumer thinking about the product that you are serving. And so what we try to do is whenever we're bringing our solutions is what are the facts, how are they experiencing your brand? And how do you change behaviors? And sometimes the most simplest garners the biggest results. Um Right now, we have a client and there's a perspective about their consumer and we can actually go in with cell phones and tag the threshold of any retail location and now give feedback to our consumer of exactly what they're using based off of credit card data, um based off of location management. And we can see every single person in the party even if they didn't make that purchase and um provide correct analysis. We don't have to have a lag time and we can make adaption for media where, where's your media being served? Because now we know where consumers are coming from and we can do a better job of targeting. So again, the technology is allowing us to get data to our clients who can then therefore make smarter decisions. That's great. Thank you so much. Uh my final question will be to George Martin and Claudia, I will start with Claudia Claudia. Uh How do you see Jen A I impacting the future of your business processes? Yes, I mean, definitely Jen and I will have a huge impact. So as we talked about a little bit earlier, cars are just getting so smart and smarter every day. And you know, as an organization, we're scaling, we're the largest right now. And you know, our aspirations are to double and triple in size. And so with that, there has to be that intersection of A I and how that is gonna help us. And A I ultimately, what will, what it will do for us is to make more real time decisions and dynamic decisions. And that is going to be very crucial for us. And the way we think about it or the way I think about it is ultimately let technology do what technology does best and let humans do what humans do best. There is a differentiation there. And uh and that is what we, I think all need to strive for. Thank you so much George. Yeah, for, for Mastercard Card, I think A I is about optimization. You know, we look at our partners and say, how can we help you optimize your portfolio if you're an American Airlines partner as an example, how can we help you use A I to optimize the personalization experience of a card holder? If it's someone like Black Hawk, how do we use A I to help them with their retail footprint and optimizing, you know, what they put on the shelves for us. It's also about personalization. I think that's a huge part of, you know, what consumers?