Are champions in trying to execute that program. I don't know if any of you have ever tried to do this where you're like, oh yeah, we're gonna put this in place and then suddenly it's like a trying to move a rock wall to get anything done. Super, super painful. So what we found is that by really actively engaging, actively listening to our, our cross functional teams, our business partners and hearing them out and making them feel heard, they're so much more willing to get on board with the program to evangelize it, to help explain to leadership how important that is to them. And so from our perspective, it's just really, really important that you spend time in that active listening environment, just hearing people out so that you can provide the best solution possible. Love it. It's amazing. The magic happens when people actually are heard, right? So thanks a lot for that, Terry, you're gonna bring us home. Um Talk to us a little bit about your digital transformation journey. Well, I just came up with this listening to um my colleagues here, but it's the journey from the head to the heart and it's listening, right? So it's um what we were doing at B P a year ago was we were talking, but we weren't listening to what people were hearing. So we were spending all our time trying to figure out what to say. How do we explain this business? Some of it is very complicated carbon capture. How does that work? What is it? So a lot of our communication is of the educational variety. We're not just trying to tell you why it's good. We just want to even just start by just explaining what it is. And so um the journey has been really one of um going from talking to actually understanding the value of measurement and that's where of course technology comes in. Um So we're really all about measurement. You know, we have, we, we don't, my, my biggest piece of advice to my client is that we don't say anything until we've measured it first because we wanna make sure that what we're saying is what people are looking to hear about our business. So we have to measure everything before we say it. Absolutely. I'm sure we're all students of the smart acronym specific measurable, attainable, realistic and time down, right? So to hear that when you said measure, I saw everyone was nodding like, yeah, we measure so, so great. So let's move into the last questions. We have two for you, Terry. Um How are you using technology to communicate? B P S policy and advocacy messages. Well, what we do is we go out into the target audience and we ask them what they know and what they think about these different policies. Right now, we're doing a, we're preparing a hydrogen campaign and what that really means is we are, the IRS is writing a rule about how hydrogen will be incentivized by the federal government. And so that matters to us because we're gonna spend the next 20 years developing hydrogen and it matters how that is regulated. Um And a lot of it is very specific. So we go out into the marketplace and we ask these subject matter, experts, policy, influencers, policy makers, what they know and what they're thinking about the topic. Then we study that and then we decide what we're gonna say about it instead of running out there and saying this is what we think we should do. We ask the audience first what it is that they are looking to hear. There goes that magic potion again, Britney, you ask and listen, right. There you go. All right. So last question, um Terry, what are the biggest challenges that your team is facing with? Unlocking digital success? Well, the biggest ones are I, I think it's 11 very smart guy that I work with says marketing and communications is all a function of people, time and money. And so it's understanding which of the data to prioritize and processing. So it's really like a bandwidth issue because they're now that we're focused on going out and collecting all the data. It's how do we process it? What's the right level of attention and care, how much reporting do we want to focus on? We're at the point now, one of our biggest challenges is because we've been so focused over the last year on gathering data is now we have almost too much data and we don't have the time to use it properly. So that's one of the biggest challenges is now, I've got, you know, reports coming in on how different campaigns are performing. But how much time do I want to spend synthesizing the data and then adjusting the message? That's awesome. So we've come to an end. I do want to thank the panel. Um We literally have just like a minute and some change left. I wanna thank the audience for being patient and just listening and, and let's give our panelists a hand clap of praise. Please feel free to stand and you're free to go. So wonderful, really excited. A lot of good stuff. Now, we will have a little more than 30 minutes, coffee break, good chat, good relationships. And we will be back here. 10, 10 45 we will then have the next session here. OK. I know. Right. I know. Right. Oh, to motion. I do can show I do