Like think about when as a Photoshop user, I need to take a tree out of the image or like take a specific thing out of the image. Yes, I can do that but it takes me a minute. Well, tomorrow I can do that through A I, so I can just tell the software to do that and it will do it itself. So it's, for me, it's a gain of time and I can focus more on my creativity and I can focus more on creating meaningful experiences. So it's not going to replace uh uh jobs to me, but it is gonna make a job more efficient. Uh And people can really focus on what they uh they hopefully like to do uh for the excellent, I'm actually gonna the same question to you Jason because I'd like to see if you agree or disagree with what uh what Arthur is saying in terms of uh how A I is gonna either replace or, or help us from a digitization perspective. Yeah, I mean, I, I think like just seeing what we have going on in, in, in our shop right now, we definitely see it as a kind of an accelerant to the work. You know, I think there, there is going to be fear that eventually as it gets more, more, more powerful or will it can replace a whole person. But at least for the, I think, foreseeable future, I think that those that embrace it, it, it will help them become a superpower and get much better at it. Uh And then uh hopefully it evolves into a another skill set for that, for that person later on. Excellent. Thank you. Um So I'm gonna turn a question over to uh wander because I know you've been uh working in the agricultural industry. Um What are the major challenges of digitalization implementation? And how are you going to process this change management uh to be able to acquire talent and, and, and continue to do this journey, especially in the uh in the ag business. Well, might be a take a little longer to transfer out those challenges that we have. But I mean, we cannot say two of them or three of them. First one is talent. We are a little bit far from those big place we are placed in, we are placed in a place that is lower number of talent in this case because it's a lower number of people. And also it's a big war for talent in this case. And what we can see these days is there is a lot of change out in the world. In terms of how people wants to work and some people wants to be, I don't know, three times at the office, sometimes I want it to be true. And that is a lot of people say it's a hybrid and so on. It means there is a lot of changes and you need to adapt to those changes as well. And sometimes the company does not have the same flexibility of the people it is looking for and then you are not able to really keep those talent. In other words, we are working hard to find out all those alternatives that we need to in order to develop people to keep talent and they would say attract talent. But always it's a tough uh point at these days. The other one that we talk about digitalization, I mean, it's a change management, change management means it's not just I would say from the company side, that is all from the customer side because we are offering them different products different way to take a look. If you remember many of us a little bit, I would say uh after I would say above 40 years old or so years ago, when you want to see some bank statement, sometime you are not trust what you saw in your computer. You want to go to the the bank and to look for the, I'd say the the the balance in terms of the bank statement. In other words, we need to change the culture of those customers in order to understand and and see the information become reliable as bank become reliable these days. In other words, that is a long way to go in terms to pro pro I would say to pro prove what is in terms of the credibility that you have and also the way that you are gonna change the way that people is looking for those information. So, yeah, excellent. Thank you very much. Um So Jean, you are talking about autonomous ships and lots of bulk materials moving your shore. Obviously, there's things around cyber security and, and we're gonna protect those types of loads. I I'd love to hear from you just like where you, I saw your road map, but I'd love to hear from you a little bit more about cyber security and where you guys look at that security is a huge preoccupation for us. Now, ever since the Russian Ukraine war, it's become an even bigger preoccupation at CS L. We have had an increase of 1600 times the attempts in our system since the Russian War. Um And the reason is that if you attack the beginning of the value chain, you're going to disrupt everything else after it, right? So if you attack the grains being, being brought over Odessa in Ukraine, then people in Africa don't eat right. Um And so one of the big problems that we have in our industry is that the International Maritime Organization, the I O that sets the rules out for the industry, set a very low bar for cyber security and said this is good enough, right? Or you at least need to do that. And so some companies interpret that and say, well, that's fine, that's good enough, right? It's not, if you are I standard, you're going to get hacked and your operations will get disrupted, right? So it's a guarantee. So you got to be industry standard. And that's some of the big challenges we have in maritime is to say, forget the maritime standards, you got to be in normal industry, technology standards, right? And so that's some of the education that we got to do towards the industry. When I we, the Coast Guard organized a conference with the, with the Canadian government to talk about cybersecurity and maritime. And we were invited and we, we gave our opinion, which I'm very vocal about. And um I asked them, I said, when are we going to have or what will it take to have a minimum standard by the Canadian government for the maritime industry on cybersecurity? And the answer came, well, the insurance companies will tell us what's necessary and that is the worst answer ever. So if anybody's watching from the government, that's we got, we got to change. There we go. Excellent. Uh We've got about a minute left. So I want to actually ask her a quick question. Um, so we, we talked this morning just a little bit about hybrid work versus remote work. And I wanted to just get your opinion as you're, you know, you've been all over the place for a lot of different companies. I'd love to hear kind of your take on this just a minute left. So, just one more. Um, I was talking to you. I have one guy working in Colombia and I think it's a cultural change that we have to do. Uh few companies don't accept the returning for the sometimes we, I, we are talking, we are discussing with the, the, the, the that the professor that we have here about the how the next generation will be the professionals, the brand new guys from the university will be prepared for the market, this kind of relationship that I, I believe it is a cultural change. I think the companies need to, to learn it to uh work in a way like you, you don't only send in your platform. Hello and waiting for a message you must say hello. This is my problem. I am waiting for your answer or like an email. You, you must start to discuss things off line in a, in a not offline but in a synchronous mode. Like I need you this, this, this kind of thing. That's awesome. All right. So I know we're a little past time. So we'll uh we'll cut it off there. But thank you all very much. This is an awesome and educational panel. So thank you for your time guys. Yes, so, ok, call the middle. Thank you, Mike. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you guys. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you. Ok, so now we are going to our last panel. We are running a little late. We need to finish by four PM sharp. So I would like to call Juliana from Avenue Code and also uh oh my, I I need my glasses here from a from oak Rocket Roger from British Petrol Mar from Gustavo Rodriguez from every mind. And Fred Wagner from track and field, please join us. Hello everybody. Fellow panelists. How does it feel to be the last panel of the longest day today? And we are basically standing between us getting on the boat and doing a nice cruise in Boston with a view. But the good thing, we have a very, very nice and vibrant audience and vibrant panel. So welcome, welcome to our sustainability and diversity and building innovation panel. So we are living in a time of unprecedented challenges and opportunities and we want to affect our planet and society. The the climate changes, the pandemic, the digital transformation and the social movements are calling and urgent and calling us for action. So how can we leverage the power, power of technology and artificial intelligence to really change and course correct? Where are we going. So we will try to do a speed dating. We only have 45 minutes. So if you can please do a speed dating introduction and we'll start with you, please. Thank you. It's an honor to be here. Thank you for the invitation. Uh I'm Can Bajo I T director for a insurance Brazil. And I have developed my career working for multinational insurance companies. Uh I'm an A and innovation enthusiast and I believe that agility is much more than technology agility really helps the strategy of the company. Um Brazilian and father of Maria. And besides, I love endurance sports, especially road cycling. And I believe that both I T projects and endurance sports have a lot in common. Both require passion, strategy and resilience and the most important. Enjoy the journey. Very nice. You should, you should talk to track and field about health and fitness. Thank you. And I'm a consumer. Wonderful. Uh Let's go to Gustavo. Hi, good afternoon. Uh I want to apologize for my sick voice and my sick face. And really, I was to bed, I went to bed a bit of a cold and I woke up full of a coat today. So I probably should use a mask, not COVID. I I have tested so good, good. Um Hi, I am Gustavo Rodriguez. I am CEO at ever mind, never mind uh specialized in sales force platform company. We were acquired in 2021 by uh Compas U O L and I've, I have been working with I T for the last 23 years. It, it sounds, sounds weird because I, I feel like young, not today. I'm, I'm really in bad shape but uh all, all my career I, I worked I T and I did my master's degree. I have my master's degree focused on artificial intelligence, which turns out to be a good thing these days. So, uh and in every mind, we are specialized in sales force platform. As I told you, we are a cloud, truly boot cloud company, which means we work with sales service, marketing, commerce, analytics integration. Every, every module sales source is actively selling to their customers we work with. So if you guys need something, please call me. Um and we uh are focused on sales for industries as well uh formally called velocity. And, and then speaking of which uh we have this DNA of uh knowing or trying to know a lot about the industry of our customers, not only about technology, but know about the industries they are based. So uh this uh gave us a kind of recognition of the market of uh we are market leaders in Brazilian sales force market. We lead the all the quadrants of uh I S G research for three years in a row, the only Brazilian company that could do that. And yeah, you know, it's pretty great for us but in the related to the team of this panel. The most important thing we do never mind is about sustainable in, in inclusion and diversity. So we have a lot of programs there in place that help partners of us like of, of is uh international organization. They start in Brazil when they, they bring uh light for people and local communities that doesn't have electric energy. Uh And they do that using only simple plastic bottles. It's pretty awesome in. They help uh the young people from public schools in Brazil to keep in their way to success using sports. Uh the symphony orchestra in Sao Paulo Brazil. We help them to collect the and to control uh the donation of the people that supports uh all their events. So we trying to do everything we do for our customers, all the specialization, technology, specialization and, and the knowledge about the industries for giving back to the society as well. So that's what make more happy about the company. Thank you, Gustavo for you. Good afternoon. Everyone gotta wake you up somehow, right? So I'll try my best. Uh My name is Dow Jensen. I'm actually a single mother of four and not a technologist. I don't know why Alexis invited me here. I was his classmate. I guess that's all we graduated Harvard together last month. Um No, actually I'm a founder of Oak Rocket and CEO uh bootstrapped my company as a single mother of 4, 10 years ago and we are one of the fastest women owned companies in the United States and the fast 50 by Chase Bank. Um and an Aws partner, one of only six women owned partners of their 9000 partners in the world. I got you to wake up. So I knew nothing about technology. I got into Sun microsystems on accident as a finance analyst, hated the role and realized I wanted to be in sales or something that let me talk all the time and listen. So this is why I'm here is really using finance and technology together to help people save money, especially during the recession. We grew 87% year over year last year and helping companies save money on their Aws bill in multi year contracts. Congratulations. Hi, everyone. Good afternoon. It's a pleasure to be here. We are between now and the cruz. Yes. Then let's go first. Er, let me introduce myself. I'm Mara Wolf. I'm from Rio de Janeiro, the most beautiful city in the world. If you don't know, go there. I can you the slides. Yes. No. Before. Yes. Oh, and I'm Yogini. Then I practice yoga with track and fuji. I wear track and fuge a lot. And a mother of two. But today looks like 10. They are much more difficult and they, my day by day and the working day I work at a financial and I work at, at, for so long, so many years, the last five years I was in charge of digital transformation at Vivo. Some of friends here and where I met the in that time was, but I'm very happy to change the name as we change the word, you know, then it's good. And a few years ago I changed to a new environment. Now I'm in the health insurance, take care of people and I'm very glad to be part of. Can you me? I mm, I think it's in your side. Yes. Yes. Give me yes. Now about administration insurance plan. We connected more than 10,000 brokers to 100 operators in health insurance and we take care of, we take good care of 2.5 million clients customers and we have one purpose to be better life since we are in the health insurance and we are in a whole Brazil territory. And as we are in a sustainability and diversity panel, it's very wonderful for me to share our values. Our values are about people. It's about person. How can you can take good care about our people, our customers, our employees and our families. So this is our way to be the and so we are now working a quality of the future. We want to reach the stars, we want to grow a lot. And for this, we put the customer in the center and now for our strategy are focus on brilliance. Basically do the basic brilliance. It's our focus and of course, put data to drive in the business and put the customer in the center. Ok. That's our purpose. And we are working very close with the compass now and two wonderful, wonderful challenges. It's my baby. It's a new, we'd like to put the quietly in the hands of their customers and we hope to give back the time to our customers. Now, we talk about the give back time to the business, but to like to give back time to our customers and give them one, then they can self services anything any time. And another thing that if my dream is evolution in new newcomers in health insurance. Uh I don't know if you know, but health insurance, it's too hard to say. There's a lot of pyramids to completely and to drive this journer this sale journer. So we are working with in the next year. I hope to be here showing you how business success this project using A I and Nope, we need so much to, to help us to in this journey, this new e-commerce, it's a little bit about me. Now, let's go to the cruise. No, no, no. Thank you, Marce and Roger to you. Uh Yes, hi everybody. My name is Roger. Raha. I am the global vice president and head of design for BP. I oversee global design as it relates to digital and user experience in UI all over the world for our company. And I feel very honored and privileged to be the first design leader and designer in bp's 100 year history, which is trying to put humans at the center of everything we do and being able to build something that's actually never been done before in a company this large but and build it from the ground floor is actually quite exciting. I spent the last 25 years of my career in the design space in B to B B to C B to B to C agency side and brand side and all that in between. And uh was in television and film and produced a film that won an international award and launched and created social television and partnered with people like Mark Burnett who created Survivor and the voice in these shows and moved into lots of tech and social and had a lot of influence. What was an app that we worked with, with Twitter that became, I don't know if you know that app called Vine, but that influenced these apps called tiktok. I don't know if you know that one, I think it was mentioned earlier. And so I felt like really bad because I think I needed to apologize to the world for, for being a part of that at the beginning or whatever. But um uh yeah, so, so it's been quite a journey in digital and the reason why I told you, tell you all that, that history about what I've done and where I've been. And what I'm doing now is because all these companies, all these organizations, every single one of you probably here, you all have the same challenge. We all have the same challenge, whether it's the silver screen, the big movie screen, whether it's the small screen on my wrist, every single human right is, is, is the key to our success. The challenge that all of these companies have and that I worked with and all of these brands and all of these organizations and whether it's in the film world or even in the television world, they had one challenge. How do they engage people? How do you reach people? How do you put people at the heart of everything you do? Because we all know that there's real people with real heartbeats on the other ends of all these digital screens and devices, they have real needs, they have real challenges. And so how do we solve those challenges and meet those needs? And so our company BP was no different. They reached out to me at the end of 2019 on linkedin and they said, hey, we see what you're doing. Would you come here? And I'm like, whoa what are you doing? This is crazy. Why would you need people from the tech world? But it turns out they're going through a massive digital transformation and not only a digital transformation, but they're going through a massive energy transition. And so this energy transition is something we'll talk about a little bit if we have time. It's, it's, it's probably the thing that's impacted me the most because what we're doing is not just for our generation but generations to come. When we're no longer here, we're not just designing for one human. We're designing for the future of humanity. We're designing for what I call PLX planetary life experience. It's a whole entire future of what we, what we're trying to do to be able to create a sustainable world as we march toward net zero. And it's companies like this that can make the change. I feel just really blown away that I get to do that. And I've established something called HSD, which is called Human Experience Design, which combines UX plus C plus E, which is an employee enterprise experience. Because if you don't have that you really can't have a great UX and you can't have a great C X A customer experience. So HX is the key. But remember this is all about our planet as well. And so how do we put people and planet on equal footing? So, so some of the things I talked to Ian about and others and Gary knows this is he invited me here. So thank you and thank you for having me as well with compass. I feel privileged to be able to talk about the fact that we are working hard to put people and planted on equal footing and, and doing it in a way that brings forth several concepts, sustainable design and the future of what that looks like. And also now launching inclusive design in our company, which looks at accessibility, inclusivity, equity, as well as, as diversity and how we can remove bias and really design for people in the right way and put them at the center because BP, just like all of your companies are all trying to and we're all trying to connect at the end of the day with a human. And so thank you very much. Thank you, Roger. You just described that it starts with the design and if you are have those things in mind with inclusivity and sustainability, then everything changes from the development of cycle. So, thank you and Fred, I know you already did your introduction. So if I can ask you a question about retail industry overall and sustainable because there is carbon footprint that is growing like crazy because of all the shipments and the usage of packages and also reusable fast fashion. So what can we do and what can you do in terms of retail industry to really disrupt and help with sustainability and innovation in that area? Thank you. Uh So, uh uh as you guys know, I'm co-founder and CEO of track and field. So talking a little bit about our effort on uh E S G. So we do have obviously um have been working on the packaging side, both on the events, we are removing plastic from, from events and, and from packaging on the side as well. But I think the biggest effort that we have in track and field is related to the social part of E S G. Um We obviously with uh the retail part and the events part, we are working on connecting people to a more active and healthy lifestyle. We've been recently working as well and we launched some stores with T F C food and markets, which is uh an operation uh that works with uh healthy food. Uh And as we built our platform, the idea is for us to create an ecosystem where we can look into a consumer and give them uh uh uh uh activity like sports activities, fashion food and in the future health on the platform. Um uh I think uh uh obviously, uh it's important for us and I've been studying these more uh clothes uh related to how sports and uh diet can influence the health of people. I think we will be seeing a lot of movement on that side and the T F co with track and field and T F sports, it's positioning itself to try to promote that change on people. So the idea is to make people make people more healthy and have more active lifestyle. Obviously, on top of that, we have the sleep part, which is very important and the mental health, which is a very, it's a subject that's been very popular after the COVID. So that's the part that we've been doing. Thank you, Fred. You can keep us active so we can sustain ourselves, right? Thank you. And Cannavaro back to you. Last question on sustainability. I know that is an insurance company and traditional company, but that you're doing so much in sustainability and diversity. So if you can share just the bullet points of what you guys are doing and how are you changing that industry? That is so traditional uh in, in, in the way of the culture and, and it probably stands in the culture, right? Yes. Uh Insurance business is a very traditional market and we need to change this. Uh in a we are always spreading the idea that uh sustainability and innovation are responsibility of everyone. An employee can, can present an idea and just a simple present. Uh a very simple business card, a very simple business case, it's possible to approve it. And if approved uh there is a process of Gamification for we are the the the employee and for each green idea deployed a donates money for charity, then we are moving on the company, we are increasing sustainability and donating money for charity. Then.